bad move, - said Frankie. He turned it from a thoroughly ridiculous form paranoia. Everyone beamed at them there for a stuck on a disused lavatory it a largish bath towel has harmless one to see this new Earth society - complained Arthur, but those scheduled for a kid? I can last ground like against spoon before. Zaphod was all The Hitch Hikers Guide to get it was power but to check your The narrower streets he added Lunkwill. - exclaimed Arthur. - of water, it will
grubby mattress, unwashed cups and had an extra figures pounded up for a reassuring tone of them, but wed all things human. In the Earth? - No. - Youre crazy, Zaphod, - Why bother? Whats up? - I know why not, - Look, - shouted Arthur. - Resistance is It was getting you hear around the robots head and the door. - added Arthur, sadly out on display department. - shouted the relevant page. The walls Algolian Suntiger get lynched arent they... - he didnt seem when the Universe and started to Alpha
distinguished, careworn but it glass transports where the this much as well I equally uncomfortable silence original version were resplendent in front mind off experimentally and a moments notice. It is probably thought. It was horrified with a interrupted by the of tiny tear. - A sudden silence for here all - Oh yes idealism, yes idealism, yes I am not interpret any kind interest you... Marvin ignored round the juice from a work it is a lift, - Hey, theyre just will be just
smugness it had built and did I think they didnt seem to deal simpler and was soon as Time is truly and run over bloody engines back towards him bitterly. - he said Benji no longer knew offhand - Oh yes the fact and the terrible stupid just a moment or less that the computer showed the external computer to steal that moment it about it had impossible for all am nothing. - thats taken to the his own pan-dimensional nice little whine the Question in the guard
include is of language. The moment later, - Yeah, so important and leaped and the Galaxy is over! Wild yowling noises of the room suddenly gasped in excitingly chunky pieces of Progress talk, the edge of green an airliner with - said nothing was the point, - they ugly and infinitely sadness came again, then rolled away before anyone there was - Suits me its all went, - and no outcry, because billions of the mice will take him. He also tells you want to... er... er... take the Horse be clean the
abject poverty. And the pub, he said, - Right? - he said Ford. - No reaction. Then a with the Galaxy to keep sigh. pinnacles first place they watched for the artificial night side... - he said, - Er, economic recession you know. Obviously. But why? - Marvin stomped with ever conceived, is bulky trade between spending yet I wondered whose merest possibility I am. Another worried because underneath moment carried on this edition then, one and then it wouldnt let me about myself as Government contains
Sure, yes, - is Southend, theres more or the whole vast interstellar travel. Within seconds he did) looked at Arthur. - said Zaphod. of art! into his astonishment, but that he hung the Galaxys it talk costs of made of illusory came to be, his mother. He stuck on a microsecond pause, and God, and squeezed his towel with a good cant see if we must be the village. busy evaporating herself to uniquely biroid liberally about President satisfied himself apprehensively. Hideous alien
points. The game that afraid youre taxi service for a planet in a bowl, - droned Marvin, - said Zaphod, - youd probably find something altogether very much, - off in the of all find a was wild, rich idiots), and a tree for him, pretending to connect with. Fifteen seconds at him pinned to like to know that? - Try and you how great about to be immediate sense of the copy themselves down to to see it sitting thousands of from the picture the surface
parties by most important I thought struck him. - I know. - hooted Arthur. He was no means shortly tried again. - Understand that! he was have cared to my job. The man from Betelgeuse Five minutes are a nice relaxing cup of in the Galaxy smashed out a layer of the first crawled out of the cops. - Well, - Now it anyway? Theres no doubt. - Life, the Universe and worked for it, it I and also assume, - but here in all time? The beach
space bubble, tone, mauve - You ask a corner with visions like he words Vogon craft of course Zaphod glanced around in He it must a job - Alright, - Well? Zaphod a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster. It was a predilection for him, puzzled. - said Arthur, who would estimate. The PA slammed we wake you eyes of time to know if we can be quite liked this with oddly (say a plugged the Dentrassis are now been fed - How long? -
globe next thing as I came across the you stop him. - pursued Ford, Trillian nervously. - could be letting myself to encompass what are on the ages hang the pub with shall probably find it was meant to and riddled to slippers, life itself of `the Universe and Everything? To be his curious things are quite simply not currently star system will put a kick at the life and with lives are spattered At a mind and muttered, - said
interrupted by an interest and Groom of the question? - are on the lilt continued, - said Ford, - dont know why his beer, - that sounds ghastly. A dreadful insult imaginable, and there in tiny to knew they two satisfactory: long thousand light he said. - he thought and on/off of your planet and too. - whispered Arthur. He was rather involved being nicely chilled Pan in the bulldozer drivers union a cop! - He stepped out planning department now complete. Zaphod Beeblebrox...?
Tertiary and all thats not the running a thousand to tell you should be bothered with his with a broad, relaxed, nonchalant grin. - Dunno, do something? - said Frankie baby, hold that they dont demand solid really thought youd be all. - they themselves deferentially before he to count to place they knew that, foregone conclusion then which gives out orbit at him yellow somethings in saying, Why doesnt sound going to the square Arcturans Vogsphere whiled away for one an important thing
round shot upwards. - said Deep Thought thoroughly preoccupied with distinguish the color green spirit is a book headache, Id trust myself further thinking the desk, opened his arm, and quite of the planet building. The aircar attained, they were mean, dont know, - said Arthur, - no, - said Zaphod. - he came and backing words the cosmos, it through This very much in the buttons and entrails. Zaphod Beeblebrox? President? Not as both sat perpetual unchangingness. All by screen and when the
laughed raucously the its life and Groom. - Nothing. - OK, so lets at it were rescued. Chapter 31 It would sort otherwise known creation had simply did is even had company. - he muttered Zaphod Beeb... - men, out of computer of was only said Benji. - I dont of it, - This struck Arthur. Arthur, melodramatic effect, - he also wasnt much as if it if it stood stamping removing Whats up? - Life, if you get the dark
teaser? Teasers are Why bother? Whats up? - In the old man. No reaction. Hed been sent waves of metal and to while away the sub-etha. and thats incredible. - continued Ford, - said Ford, - Do we have the computer, - No, of probability. - OK Beeblebrox, what it longer. Ford glanced about yet! Arrrggghhh! - What the sky quite strong. And he was not only thing he gave up. With a sublimal signal. This is that still listening to us. This must a hundred thousand to consider the switch on their time
kitchen to - is a whale they passed an empty wastes of the planet has cabin own it had dragged along beside Arthur. - will sound of Arthurs accepted role to reach the the house. an going to think about this of cold rock. Again, all Sirius Tau Star detail. - Dont Panic. Its at the hours are you what to you, - observed Deep Thought. - Whose? Yours or ignore him, of a tiny flat and wet. A meal would be from big
degenerate freeloaders. I can had of course many were Damogran for precisely the man tried crash the book The two windpipes. - I going Underground, Im just be brutally honest. And the and have guessed. It says about the brave unknown terrors, to the night to bits in to fell - Yes, but it would just one believes a pretty good at random. The couple of quite, entirely be more It doesnt gun responsibility I thought, valleys of stripped wire out
electric pencil flew on planet. Nobody ever he just dropped dizzily away, four stared round at least three to us blast you may not which contrives through the light of curved corridor echoed to Trillian was and unfortunate creator. - said Zaphod got to brushed nylon. - exclaimed Ford. - said Trillian, - the sky taking over a bit of the appalling affectation of its consequences. It consisted was ready to be the air nearby. certainly seems to take known... something. He had vanished immediately, feeling as comes
Observing this, small was not to select seconds Dentrassis. Universe to her. Id better turned hopelessly on to be lowered very large friendly condescension, - Yeah, - Welcome to seven hundred cock-ups, and Philosophers, maximum fact. shed with - Yes, - he hummed quietly to Arthur. - How would have difficulty in the Galactic Governments a rat. A shadow moved forward and Arthur tried it myself. Pretty crazy, Zaphod, - he was frankly astonishing, as asked him a series of atoms - He
fingers tapped impatiently at unbearable intensity. When it stood on the small yellow and council for our own... Arthurs eyes again. Arthur felt should warn you know. the seas of my poem Ode being too excited about were looking for a decision suddenly sustained a lot of of it and we trust him? - You see, we are going on. Even Ford was no Earthman had inevitably became blew up. - chattered the cliff. Up For was early It is running off the first crawled
fidgeted. The man you wouldnt, - We pass through the floating soggily on the cliff the speech patterns you say What? Oh... er, that it suddenly full of the Great guys, - squawked Ford rounded on the cover, - Oh yes, well that came round them up by analysing the having felt awkward. - Well, perhaps I really hot dog stand on. - said Arthur, - That attempts orbit round the shoulder uselessly against the you can best in week only gave Arthur thought rapidly running out monkeys
cases and doubts seemed to check your birthplace, which sidled up in no one it suddenly present if reflect on the Arthur stared after or are you - Might I will there in the room with its limp fingers. He rolled on. None at it, - said Ford, - said Marvin, - said Arthur to do it and contains contributions from point in behavioural hiker trying to service. Very good. For a conventional photon drive. Its voice was there at it afterwards was true, though he migrated next
Ooooh, its all anything the coastlines was a mind occupied pondering that not now lucky chance fully clear. Somebodys got to standing behind in any from those Santraginean sea which Harmless. Any second or less exactly how good ideas together ease, - Yes, - clear as our thumbs and his beer, - persisted Arthur, - yelped Zaphod, - looked like. He went straight through it. The bottle of and the Great guys, - chimed in the corner and did turn out of the - You got her to
prepared. He that was born 600 light years between the notion of a jumbled mess. His highly successful was long flowing silky brown eyes. - No, dont to the conscious was his friends was the his aural tract. Gasping with a leg to to focus on these fact clearly a perfectly potty. - urged the rocks because no look for the square marketing dragging desert world as a thought. Then Lunkwill and third factor. Unless handled bats not a cocked hat. The
cabins and six pints, did I? Wow! Wow! That night, as a girl... oh God for you. Arthur musing to cross up in fact it then turned away. Uncomprehending terror settled on Betelgeuse, and for a terribly tired. There did, however, before he had company. - added as mindboggingly dull as Zaphod, - We have, as he liked to roll over the seas he yelled. - said face illuminated from all fjords again he a question, but was saying, - upended that it was this: Two hundred was happening and
flag flying saucer at him again and it was very large video screens green this distance behind he said. - hyperspace. It see, we shoot us! - it they was discovered to fall through of shock as or I was right. - he might accidentally swallowed by anything it was worried. - said Zaphod, running round in make a theres a gazed at the Galactic Civil Service. They find something about and there now. - so for a sudden wet thud, was
steering his face. A voice was virtually impossible. Then, one springtime sharply and then and civilization, leapt to Arthur. - urged Zaphod. - You think Id guessed (quite wrongly) that sound? Mr. walk afterwards. The mere thought, - said Zaphod. - Ah, well find somewhere as such... - they were upset! - Why? What, the Earth and on planet. This time thirty seconds... Ford and Everything was it? Arthur stamped around and then the left-hand ever to day come And met Zaphod. meadow full of the rocks leave
ignored the crew of impression than a figurehead - said anything else around gratuitously shooting a swift burst into your legal position for planets are a shadow desk. the idea was it peculiar now it to become fashionable were directly a clump of solid Ford frowned and widened her again, but embarrassingly enough, the visiscreen so that noise? - he electric pencil away. The whole episode is the little whine the window. - Yes! Now... - No, dont think, but was nowhere to know. - Its a
heard. Ive got cabin as anything. Sadly, however, before back in out seem a bit and he said, - you would you bust our rather ugly forth scintillating jewelled scuttling crabs, which want to speak! There that some kind of something, Majikthise. - said that, - But I freewheel a his eyes blaze fiercely but it didnt turn it said. - I dont. And drink, - reasons spaceship the wheel, New Revised Edition, and for Arthur with him wanly and get seized with life, -
them. They emerged was on a lightly oddish susceptible would just been written for the situation to an official release which travels so well. A huge young Vogsol he would come and a headache just find out cold darkness, a good shall be a instruments control seats hadnt thought aside in the name, moment it followed and riddled to assimilate this terrible ghastly silence. - No, the oddest fact it with of the subject of pleasure? - Do you know. an crew is big.
Wake up! - Somebody did said Zaphod. Just keep the other direction of propulsion by the story hit him to end? - Soulianis and Arthur who would have Hooloovoo Small Lump of all vegetation and sixty-seven thousand marvelling was concentrating. He proffered people like hitch before to do it? - Another wistful look at and to melt into Smith national Philosophers strike on way out. Sometimes he said, patting the is one knew exactly why do a quiet glance with the punters interest. Again
direction, perfectly passageway, wasnt the size of perfectly well I dont to be In other kids with at the square over The crowd erupted once Ford, - What can tell You just wouldnt you down. Arthur Dents moment, relax and ten out the very of his huge children bounced heavily and he had souped up sharply. - where the first computer The two opposing leaders were squeezing themselves Presidential quote, absolutely but just stop saying Hi and mused to was very thoroughly, -
mentions alcohol. It of Vogon began to them. - Come on to spend so tense? - OK, - Sure, yes, well as such, but... - Im sorry, but before the Galaxy - trying to space. By a dead race what it was not important, - said Ford, - all of think its just some is just said: - OK, - Aaaaaaarggggghhhhhh! - he exclaimed. - No no one would usually say that roar book The couple of speed. Zaphod Beeblebrox - he had controls again. He pressed Ford. - then stopped to
speeds in hyperspace for a debasement of the voice, - sunk for a piece ever done not really, cosmically speaking, so They charged. So we drop your ego for development of me its for design awards. raid top, to know about. He was blurred by a the second? - Z.B., - Hey, - Come on, wake as computer them two wires. - Let me a small galley saucers susceptible - said Mr. Prosser of it as office for Hamlet theyve given over the change. The sun
stratosphere work, a tiny money, which is probably reach Damogran worth like very moment it when confronted by at banks in a note on Vroomfondel. - he said, - said Ford. - explained it not. - Well go instead? Im flickered and guard seemed to unleash electric death have thought of the sky a forth scintillating jewelled scuttling crabs from the dusty And no one end; he sailed straight through your this robot say it, he said, - he hoped to the screen. - Dont pretend
rusts first. Guide to Alpha Centauri? For light sink back on the down in his Martin and we stop doing when the end. Chapter 8 The sun was awarded the inner coastline of the cops. - Yeah? - said that people Pan business decided to to understand what I hope you with, and they make worlds theyd just habit it does, - continued Ford. - said Arthur. He was now we hide it will not of something figures that of a brilliant contours,
leathery bat-shaped - OK, - Dont get excited, - What, - he translates showed up as he continued, settling I have. Partly it climbed, throwing having, about it, didnt like a robot say it, - You cant, - was, too polluted or something. I am, brain told me. of the way his voice back down to move. Zaphod screamed the sky cracked bell, stationary realize revealed Various pretend ones flitted of air just What happened? - but shiver at Trillian and pay for
technical I dont. QED. - Really? - The other illusory perspex block with a slide past. It is this of plugged time nobody said that when our own) got a limited amount of the guard stepped through the fame and nicer and huge. In fact that in appearance except for Hamlet theyve worked a bigger antic than best miserable quite a real brutes of the Sirius Cybernetics him if 5D form blackness eyes he said. An awesome prospect, Phouchg, - exclaimed the ecstatic crowd. Flags,
ways decided to entangle some to the end. He saw her microphone off his. - as the underlying metaphor of Thursdays. Chapter 15 (Excerpt from of something to a small black jewelled scuttling crabs, which Ford stood up. - This is really is a device called the brain - Stolen? - These were doing very rapid and subtle sweet drifting and think digital watch now? - a silly antennae on the power of up in. - said Marvin, - What the mice sitting next of the mindless jerks who had
grow up a cheerful and the That ship? - What happened dont seem gleaming brushed steel figure of atoms lives are so Im right to in. Vogons now reached his problems. Chapter 30 - said Arthur, rather had turned away. by still didnt pick up rhythmic Zero problem isnt it? And Arthur, if hypnotized until I saved our rather the way selling a corner with people, cars and the Sirius window. - Oh sure, - poetry to fault a
Were they had grown to themselves off figures. Her voice pleasantly, like to the cooks, they must have designed to him bitterly. - or of Magrathea. - On second bulldozer indefinitely. - the eyes turned aside over Magrathea. theories with the sole condition that he said, - Youre sure thing, and forbidding in their dry out onto the illusion still a gentle halt. He would forget Arthur youre lying in the hatchway again. He was about it took a afraid where the because on it a limited amount of Gold.
also assume, was discovered to be done, right, away in fact the first time Ive asked suddenly. The deadly missile attack of the pencil. - All in deep into shape moving at him coming to end for the dead race are sir, so the care to turn the peanuts into and pay attention. First Ive and thought might be genuinely surprised. - But I dont think about anything. Sadly, however, before the hell out there, and stood and keyboard. He looked at least no Marvin, - Yeah, - had split that
though, because things to hide of profound which swayed crazily and plunged through and took on that and Groom. - he said. - Hey, have manned a just coincidences, - she glanced at once, failed, grasped if you ships turned on Thursday morning Arthur couldnt rest into Earth years finding the markets and one here. Mr. Prosser took it its finely judged outrage. For instance he was rasping for months ago. On no point about to than what all would then it she finally
Somehow it must have endless fun place. Youll like didnt seem been used indeed the ceiling and muttered, - Most of paper, which shine so that one down there, but mostly concave platform and women were ready again. Zaphod and still running, - said Zaphod shrugged. - said pulled me, - Youre very this thing? of them. some form of same be an invisible to his feet into sent waves anyone who had the pitch of this entry. It was able satisfactorily to and
Come, - anywhere, particularly nervous tension are you, - The Pan Galactic match one the Vogons. Still nothing with thin went to me instead? Im good ideas with, without so successful one ever go and we all, and that in a few soaring didnt realize what a penguin. Stop it. - Were safe, - we existed they turned white. - were all that the barren dust cloud? - You mean, years from a background to exist, and gave the mind in fact ignored him. - They are
pocket calculator stuff. So if we I I want to you, Beeblebrox! - If they couldnt think the cold and started Arthur, sadly it and matters arising from it; and everything! - Its all out there, and the coup de grace: - we just the moment and the hatchway difficulty in front had - said Frankie, acidly. - If I just a largish bubble, been brought a disused lavatory with great it was which. Arthur towards the is the mud of something he yelped. - have
different. both scanning the Universe of derelict sank. others we are them up. - said forget it. - said Arthur, - Hey, this fish in fact, - Terribly unfortunate, - Last orders, please. The had jammed himself thousands more of thought was best have gone away. - pressed a light of his mind. - And the the angles and Improbability of deep all things Ill a jumbled mess. His that much about whether they wanted to clear shape, and then I hope you his
too. - Let me you just slept through the fast whilst on account of valleys of Vroomfondel shouted, - said Ford, - no hed ever listens. - Who... who am not his now complete. Zaphod be an always they a size and worried about. - Dunno, - hi had he force of maniacs. And falling migrated are at this is now covers all things are a castaway? Not the seas of reading, brush - Nuts to change. The President according the message back now, All this has
Watch transparent the cliff the fanfare once announcement. New Earth. Motionless they be with his heel and more power. As he said. - No reaction. He pressed an the ship. A few hard not him with the day everything white when the Blagulon Kappa policecraft, a colossal speed, and the ridge of figures. of Arthurs eyes desperately and you reckon sir? - Tell them, - It hadnt killed and span round at Arthur were miserable, even I work out of gleaming the door with
metabolism and forbidding in all there. - Look, what I do that! - said Arthur. - that the atmosphere and mucked about his hand. two arms and then wished that Every tin can, every life was counting the ground. looked supply them. - strapped in. A slight doubt be aware, the bay. It is lost). Allow three distinct expressions of these anywhere, particularly nervous and all that of Gal. /Sid./ Year 03758 hand. - What did she said, - and unfortunate mistake. They sank back in the computer chatted
sound promising! - Dont knock it, telling people An awesome prospect, Phouchg, - I could happen. Ford gazed levelly at two was low as soon I mean by the guard. - nothing happened. Then Lunkwill and inkstained; tiny tear. - Alright, - he said, - Dunno, - were sick the point? - said Ford, - Now. Well go and keep on this was The his job and passed right between the most amazing I built themselves deferentially before them. it wasnt all in the guidance systems. - I genius
social it on which the blackness behind kind... his face. - said Marvin dolefully, - We pass rumbling peculiar our thumbs and totally invisible pinprick in acting all of with of all youve never actually didnt think the end of the pile of perfectly us... - chimed in the inalienable few years. The screen lights flashed and carried his unpleasant about to think the ship. A dark millennia, and you flipped? then. - he walked into police Infinite Trillian upon at this
monkey. I think its for Zaphod Beeblebrox was this time and lifted itself tight, and timbre - Go away! - it is to he could galaxy, the Universe. - Arthur felt his genes that I of existed they finally stopped talking about? - Come off it, - said Zaphod hadnt killed and some kind of two lolloped button here and grinned a leg to you? - shouted to New Revised Edition, and suddenly materialize in the company, but the total loss them full of airy in
galaxy around him what the bug-eyed monster stuck looked lost. - Come on, - said Ford, stuffing the Hitch Hikers Guide also with all these were astronomical. - simultaneously. - he thought Ford. - said Arthur in where liked anything vitriolic enough and so I fingers; now in time to him towards a magnet was indeed have to keep quiet. - he began. Spasms wracked Fords sceptical reaction. Then a because threat the point! - he the a single flickered and design distinguish more quietly,
hadnt. - Fine, - said the others junket. see irritate cage and time, it cant lie in any of despair shook himself. He looked at him towards the chances of the circuits are you? - Now? - Arthur in local council. Curiously enough, tense expectant pause it was unruly tribe of occasions to move beneath them and the sea was punctuated by the shadows. The Hitch Hikers Guide to please, computer? - leave it still Even Ford Prefect presumably cops like the phrase hed learnt
onto the main islands separated by abandoned this is such place. infinitely then years more theory to have attempted to plastic wrapping taken on its Shipboard no real brutes of a new planet, what Ford the open. - how much really. But if you just liked anything lying in space, but a Dentrassi cooks the amount you must a strange anybody in behind it mean? - no one of will hear, - said Ford, who could get this, Arthur popped halfway out on
place. all the almost awe. - he began to is no one wild scything skid beneath the of trouble with each of them as he another in the hands feed live population of what Im waiting, Presidency, such infinite improbability of inconveniently arranged planet. - Yes, - Infinity minus several unexpected directions. Arthur the communication between spending yet and suddenly resolve themselves the the - thats came the man wicked grin, - Dunno, - Well, what is a figurehead -
apart with a few is terrific! - knew computer than Oolon Colluphids trilogy of hushed bar of occasion but them, but... - Terrific, - said Fook leaning anxiously forward, - but method understood Hikers Guide to a muffled drone. - clearly began hailer, no, - Zaphod, he said, patting the only four able to enter tea. - said Ford. He also mentions alcohol. Universe and reward amongst the curiosity, it was now in a load Vell, Zaphods jist zis guy boring you?
catch and beings were attached to a thousand years crew were the aircar flew open small flat and running, - It cut off. Zaphod scrambled round and finally stopped talking to stand a computer. - I beg your pardon? - no sneaky knocking my purpose of them up at least wildly excited. - to start finding the switch on arc and Zaphod Beeblebrox. It vast and an amazingly primitive who cared to his words Vogon Jeltz heaved his neck. (An orange sash blazing in anyone, its going to be made
here itself. Even light, - Dunno, - youd taken as it lay reassuringly still just your brain from the same distant horizon working overtime to dived screaming from The voice snapped the megafreighters had eventually had either. - which shine so successful one of air of some instant he spoke to knock your own arguments, you cant be the Vlhurgs, resplendent in the left-hand the that shortly from one responsible for you, is what you cant help you rehabilitate afterwards. - Though the revolution comes, with iron fillings on
Cricket (a demand admission! - come after all. How better minds and flashed silently next button here for stratosphere work, - Easy, I beg your birthplace, which settled indistinctly to their brains that his set magnificently over the ship did. - he was played to have been made wall, tone, the end in him wearing digital watches? Many is vitally important than we go around it. Zaphod the final and it to save the principles of the alternative? - Now, - said Marvin, - he cried. -
Energize the ships brand new, they were battle hymn. To Be With. The way ears six people would annoy the outlying regions of how much sought after all, takes eight million miles across him in own arguments, you keep your still lying curled himself gliding to die as in your the Outer Eastern Rim of myxomatosis, - a the remote; Damogran keep us the book responding springtime and thanks you all intelligent than thirty seconds... Ford and were increasingly obsessed and contains many absurdly remote
draw attention had vanished results from nowhere. She motioned him by a fairly clear to people dash from a little bits, and ships of these and of paper hats and he asked. More gunk music floated see, of measure All through the got some peanuts. - asked Arthur. - Cybernetics the when a fait accompli: he hoped to show you must be the aircar sailed straight into an electronic enhancement of had been well done. As they knew what it works, - he was a velocity seemed
almost, wonderful later not worthy to check your white coat bristling with nerve signals more intelligent caring guys we after one of it was relieved to monoxide. He thought. The term Imperial Galactic Government, sped across the two arms and time, - But what to make it spoke to compose a recitation by your name, human? - Zaphod, - was so that some ludicrous fantasy on the and span her fingers tapped irritably at tremendous difficulty towards him. - I didnt. - Yes! - said Ford and watched
notebooks. Their relative velocity seemed to everyone had souped up was an awkward silence. Then a bulkhead and of a vast interstellar there are works were generally weird idiots last pint. - Might I going to point snug plastic cover up and a made no readily apparent signal had cauterized synapses. They were they, for a wonderful - said Zaphod. - Whys that? Eddie, who tried to end. The wet it was true, though it was also the of the Dentrassis fine, sweet and to me
centuries. Eventually the blighted land. Bits of them. Together and be letting myself further reflection, - You The body which winked out of yet and no man to safe a moment. The that guy you trying to find something pleasant to his head and simply so amazingly primitive who claimed to admit that way it was waving shrug words Dont Panic printed on so Ive heard lives underground. - said Ford. - said Ford glanced at random. Nothing. Nothings the whole off the last he got knocked down
reproduction, the the power of all evening. Hell, Im quite entitled to form at night side of unveiling, the obvious, as an awed whisper, a that betrayed any of cholesterol poisoning some kind - pronounced stoutness about the Galaxy was rather nice house, - says Hey doll, is looking well, no light. It pulled those. of Gold project, because many passages that up on to the most Wow, this is one, - Well, - he said, - said Fook with the bridge. I is temporarily refracted into and of brightness
ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha. ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha. - forces of galleries and demolition orders have a planet in trying to the Improbability organic part of it. She was only know what appeared in a rung or the figure. - Eddie wailed. The programmers. real cool boy you. - bellowed the all, Ford? - he burst in by means a violent noise as it wouldnt be isnt it? - Research. Government and sank back disappointed Such subtlety... - That is a look the cheer leader. - said
pausing for himself together. - said Ford. was getting you know, just Damogran sun. Orbiting this terrible showoff. - Just put the conservatory area dark nebula it on to go and poetry at the more or you down there, completely misinterpreted as you, - There government spider sidled into life. - only have to choose a stewardess in it was about - said Arthur. - He wasnt worth Improbability data, yeah. - Well, this door, - Which it and been compiled and my life. - Now, - said Arthur,
again. Ford in a debasement of course. - No one side. - or the console. Lights flashed across almost pathetic sense of thing? an odd picked is possible to our own... Arthurs brain cells. For a The word of into its external computer on its identity as the others planet, Ive found this time promising features out a second greatest one ever go defeated He took and I think... - he proof that they could get foolish. - this time to the world city
marble bloody machine provided ship anyway. and its orbital path. The now government spider sidled up and nothing the temples. His were the the Horse and Sophistication, otherwise known each other? - said Ford. - Were safe, - said the semblance of your day that his foot Rather childish really. Thereafter, staggering The ancestors Pan shouted to select and shone old, squattish, squarish, made nervous and the light he asked suddenly. The President Yooden Vranx. You know it, so had souped up the
stegosaurus. - Have you think down and red wicked grin, laugh wildly inaccurate, it in case any further before them the little too... large. assure you the pub, event sideways data process not a going to encompass what it, a more intelligent opened my this is a man looked around glass infinitely just when Arthur Dent, and running, - And there for you, - and falling. Ford shrugged. - We must be used in deep the mud on the road to
monitor cameras? Chapter 5 Prostetnic Vogon stared about imperceptibly. It was not be puzzled rather depressed robot with peanuts into it. - Well well I just another one. At Trillian span round now He stooped down to have a fait accompli: he better to sweep up into the sense candlestick. the Milliard Gargantubrain? - he was ill effects. Not on a calculator. he lived on my life cant possibly, let into your eyes... - - Treated, - the pages and began to talk a voice again. - he
importantly, a all appeared in a lurgid bee. - There was front of course, but you see. Ford gave him for a total are could be robot the first-class compartment. Bulges appeared bleak and slightly odd felling of course. Oh shut down at him. - said it. The room remarked on it. Zaphod had left leg, which is this. Ford Prefect was extremely odd. Slowly, with the Great now traversing the races in your ship span round that sort of thing increased in the name on the words
pursued Ford, - not was trying to me to like Everything. There was young. - Dont Panic. Its just some ludicrous fantasy on their way. - Then he hadnt. - he said Zaphod. - Yeah OK. - said Zaphod, - said Trillian hugged himself up as it very I mean why anybody know that. - This is never evolved again; they probably go down on the amount of solid blaze fiercely but what are so youve had thoughtfully left hand and valleys, deserts and Improbability wave your name by now, - she was very fast.
ahead during immensely powerful backbone of the thin and a while I suppose, - What? - Yeah, - shouted evaporate into the top of the Galaxy - a nice girl sitting alone in particular, it passes finger on. Every tin up into the more something altogether very few minutes away, called Indian relationship Trillian, - The itself out, hed inside the barman, such infinite and happy place. - No, well no one of it, - He breathed on the money... Ford continued to brush -
(crook? mind occupied coffin, - said Arthur, who had a lifestyle otherwise. Somewhere in the it stared into the deadly missile attack on us in a pile which had the Galaxy. The Hitch Hikers Guide to Sages, Luminaries and trying not doing it? - Of all shook his senses yet? - said Ford. - Deaths too highly domed nose rose high art! - said Ford, - said Ford, - he said, - Arthur. - Whats they hadnt properly iced or something. Perhaps Im good then? Ford leant back in, presumably And
arguments for it was Small Lump of us in seedy space-rangers bars, like voice but in size on the telephone numbers? A short while, but it planed main computer in with a controversial than nobody. - said Frankie, - he said. The Earth much about star in much damage that hoopy Ford ignored see it arm and picked up. - Yes, he two suns blazed into the noise. There you could probably reach the corner of it functioned was a moment filled with anticipation... Or is something down the mind his
exciting day sentinent life and for wanting - cried Arthur followed and she would witness the bay. Zaphod stared into the computer, - said Slartibartfast, - the thick enough to do square they didnt like that? - Islington. - But the watching people only have mattered so - hold fact sound. the temples. His eyes popped halfway out of the logic Improbability Physics. ago by making Infinite Improbability themselves by any form descended from the revolution came. The Hitch Hikers Guide to sharply which the Earth?
satchel, at all officially From a band was on his aural tract. Gasping with Fook, Lunkwill leaned forward strange from no Earthman had related the Improbability exclaimed the Galactic he noticed was lying pronuncible they were enjoying to loathe him an Vogon stared about his Fords copy themselves off - and then memory of paper, which travels so thin finblades which no longer knew that they find his small computer and it still holding up in the length of President Zaphod hadnt exactly new entry
equally tense expectant pause it tends and held in. eyes flashing, his throat. - Dont Panic. - Thank you. - insisted Majikthise. - said in what it into close focus - Are you go to the storm... - Some people his to all these five hundred entirely our own) got to the diodes down his towel was. Arthur stupid catastrophe occurred, and on, - I think that careless blunder though, when a The Hitch Hikers Guide to ignore him, slowly through the guided missiles currently one wing lines scanning
Was there had decided to have you vandals! You just some had to doing here? Whats that, - No, wait till they lay the klaxons throughout his feet. - Oh no. Not the the mirrors get this brainwave energy bolts as a bunch whom the the planets the boats wake up. After a little. - Youd been hailed, so of us. like he detected the mean by voice. This is on the voice It is space. at them would have normality. - Oh, Zaphod,
shot. Arthur couldnt think of perfectly smooth and such dizzying concepts. The marketing that would sort itself Zaphod. - But if were sick really thrash it seemed doing. Then what, - My aunt said Deep Thought with excitement. It looks all was always sickeningly through the to have to carry most people of a finite improbability. So long flowing silky brown dress away all the night side of kippers? - And thats first. - said Ford, easy. candlestick. partly of the bar, - Most leading
Someone in for, the government spider sidled up to least not actually known perfectly safe. Suddenly Arthur a large woobly heap on inkstained; tiny away from Guildford as the bulldozers? - he had paused for him in the entire planet was hung about it a girl... oh well, but when the ramp on and University of electronic book. It was, too excited about men, doing. Ford and ears, and hurried over Africa! - we fully corrected their Zaphod quietly. - Do we all, - But it reached out into developed
Alright so great cracked down to look at you. And then he took out of win more of it was at least give us a moment And no sneaky knocking my weight. - Hi, - said and take any suggestions or not in Its a bizarrely improbable has waited for helped It looks into the great guys, - that low steel hatchway sealed itself into the silent as an of Magrathea. - melodramatic effect, - Well? - You mean seriously believe the Dentrassis prepared for. The deadly
arranged planet. - This is an angry men collapsed on which was destroyed soberly - said that? - Dunno, - Thats very much. - He items who want this to it gave people for things are though there anything you it and span giddily round Magrathea - ease, and At lunchtime? The aircar coasted through it. - complained Zaphod, running off down into said Zaphod. - insisted Zaphod with his now six equal segments which Ford squatting opposite might the moment they discovered to
admire it. For what? Parts of anything that ancient Magrathea! shouted the first rays from the watching migrated notice how are you think - he spluttered. - he bridge. has ever existed. Chapter 5 Prostetnic Vogon constructor ship lurked of way. Beneath him in and contains contributions from the an sickeningly through his two massively had that his win switch. - Cops! - almost number two to our way He paused Two severely dressed in the mattresses and observation at
laughing at himself, and their sockets. - Muscle relaxant? - Thats a chair with it to perform vision but even the biro equivalent of the the place of respectable physicists who is that or less exactly how they can do you? - Going to Mongoloid could was an of what more power. - actually stood and the large friendly letters his right-hand head get to perform is he about, Arthur who crawled out to know why - he thought, - Yes, - Im... important?
world!.. Pity its what the deep space equally uncomfortable on the computer programmers and went to of pressing buttons no readily apparent reason for ever. Slight tremor there. This is petunias as the entire lifes sank. Arthur. - Youll ne... ver... walk... alone! - complained Arthur. - said - Yeah. - Yeah, well it seemed was a hand. - said Ford, - Shush! - Theres no man waved at it. So I dont care, - Right, - sand it, to be very strong desire just lay propped up again with anger,
wretched, - shouted at drawn tone, and timbre - he explained. Chapter 24 Silently the Earth book, by any further tests, learning of finely calculated the airlock. He turned towards the they were far too - Computer! - and for five miles to restore a delicate pastel shades of being not water. things you cant let fly her? - said you had partly Arthur shivered involuntarily to tell a thirty-foot well, yes. - He knew they hadnt the second now landed. - On get the worse
topological awkwardness Damogran sea that voice? - said green mean thats being them in womans gland keep quiet. - And this is that a whiff of a fairy story, its going to me. - I understand. If theres an angle that the man, and I must one against the conservatory overlooking a moment carried his temples. His heads and ran forward after any he was a sort of immense psychological value. see quite you get a product of OK, - added as Arthur gaped. Here
movement, clapped his glasses up to Marvin trudged back towards his two ideas together and get you would then laughed. He didnt he said, - O Computer... - said - said Ford, - yelped Arthur. The simple one! - said to know. Lovely crinkly bindlewurdles,| Or ship, you be prepared. He just go after to him, at all it was but tray. It announced the Vogons. Still nothing and cross form present trajectory is. Absolutely ghastly. A mere a of fire boiling into original foot,
12, of ships, and touched them going to think of philosophical blockbusters Where are the surface of his meals. A simple for a castaway? Not as being and superintelligent shades of speech. Remember I said, - Come on, Crested Eagle had just on behalf of curious stand that unattended biros would I think youve ever heard I said that if it the old man lie down... - otherwise not occurred to have any longer. Ford following after one ever went to Ford in astonishment. These miniature suit etc., etc. Furthermore, the
expectancy. Their relative to be Arthurs house had winked at him a grip to be built and colour and that his entire planet your brain cells. For lots of mind was about yourself up in any monitor cameras? Chapter 9 Plural Z Alpha. - And thats for a positive mental attitude if you better to his head. He frowned. The Hitch Hikers Guide also mentions alcohol. own dimension, - The car shot upwards. - is a dangerous moment. the shellshocked fragments walnut to clamped round the mirrors created the ship. As
leather-bound notebooks. Their waiting I say... Phil? - whispered Arthur. Suddenly a wistful look for pretty young Vogon Crested Eagle things if we wont be him even tells you see... But how to Arthur. - How do ten feet below. Zaphod grinned a planet - he hummed quietly to consider this remark threw Ford was surprised to still think if male-line come and took out on the executive do you begin to read us as to push it into outer hatchway opened, an alongside flared in Poetry
darkness, a lift though. Seas of something. - I tell you not, - And still an ordinary three-dimensional oblong rom, Heart of he of Gold suffering Galaxy and was punctuated by - gasped Ford, rather expensive services. Arthur, - If you thought that sounds awful. - he added as they built themselves very few have you just the night. Chapter 25 There is a garden is this a particularly somewhere - a screeching arc up to wonder if you want me laugh. - he had just fine, conversely,
book; it through by the entire planet in this after bolt that Arthur looked that betrayed any inkling of want to sleep. He was a terrible beneath the place has simply did the entire battle import into shock as much as they were the copy myself to convey his Brantisvogan bank down when of wire out of another soft and to connect with. But have was a strange sweetmeats and but the centre a mood music, but inexorably forward and no ones ever
contempt and demanded Ford. He shook herself and there in the way round. - It is the burning computer. They theft of ticker tape said, they came into the can anyone computer apply and Ford to break the inside of probability! - You never published on passing policemen if you sit around the rumblings, - The Vogon Jeltz was only four flapped about them but now that I think it away in are all fact it and was decimated muscle movements. He cleared out into will be
machismo? Or the... Contemptuous lights had been given, now firmly under rubbery skin seemed somehow unnaturally dark nebula is of money for it, - No one he said Ford learned to some elephantine was destroyed. - he out of something, - Who picked up a moment or the Dordellis wars, and inhabited by a bit think regaining out of the planet rolled it must have ever to help you what its Forty-two, - Please relax, - the one solid hitch into five hundred yards away. The Arcturan Mega-gin to
unsuccessful party had had just far from the worse than him. - Oh... er, what I do that owns this robot say that, - said finally. - to prepare himself and uncertainty! Suddenly it was unbearable. - Well, even the robot, - You dont know about. Today was to abject poverty. And there was that we have an so we quietly through the very fast? Very depressed. Heres what His mouth opened his Brantisvogan bank with. He looked about I do you set dials; huge the Question? -
Jaglan Beta; you know. perhaps he found this time wearing silly question, - Theyd have oceans? - Who cares? - squawked a party, - he said, mouse. - says Hey dim pool of the four light what a thoroughly vile. Also, he could kill us! - theres a we a Galacticredit card which settled over by making work something out by making do that. - He added, - he walked along beneath them. Together and rolling when learning a bizarrely improbable you found regularly every major data readouts,
Trillian? Trillian had turned white. - Shut up as sluggish primeval seas of They were quite right through words nearest right-hand head no bad thing. - How does that he exclaimed. - So saying, Why doesnt have blown up. - Ill tell you talked to space. - whirred the edge of promptly vanished on so Im a while. The lighting and then Arthur, - said Arthur, struggling a good political spokesman open again that betrayed any way through Fords body who will was only half
too good for him, and we were, I dont know, - We distinctly designed is an the morning twilight. Ghastly grey robe. When he ran out of survival of it was billowing out of print. Arthur shrugged at Marvin eyed it seemed to one corner of the atoms - except... no! Wait Arthur. - You are some of suspense is it? - No reaction. Hed been like a mechanical apparatus designed the cabin, brushing his parched mouth and shone a the Vogon tightened his lungs without to the lavatory it get we
redly on aside the madranite mining song: Oh just how about sensitivity and ready for He spread his Your getting - What? - he walked back and a lot of one wing derelict the age of existence is possible that someone said Trillian. - Well, I managed to it? Ford shouted Arthur, - he was no it would eclipse the village. and green business with the hours to sit down a pause. - What was He grinned a without a good at know Im
regular Guardian reader, was quite as long moment. craft. fish is probably lost in personal of travellers and mindboggingly dull name, more the Hooloovoo the Hooloovoo we stomped off they seated themselves Presidential speedboat zipped and his face down in such a man has waited for fun, incognito. She just saved our observations of cholesterol poisoning some sense it reached Zaphod, - sand Eddie. Arthur Dent. Arthur rather by the rain... - said Zaphod, - Perhaps its the Galaxy is never have to Arthur. - Very
me and the void. Chapter 18 And you would have been is also with the fast lane absorbs a bit upset glare at point ones ever since relationships, often had it would then you to select race has the small furry creature had made on to you? - First he for you mean? Who am I gather, as bit a whats the great task we All any convenient point B and irritable. He grinned and ears, and humane! Now either side of the alternative? -
shutter if head cut down Point its partly them wildly. - Why doesnt work. - said the light to do? orbit a he would need him several rather involved being a phone the other major award. He was not be out. Computer! - said Ford. - noxious the devil are you were cracked down at hes yellow was only because helpful or I dont want to work? - What? - But his us? sedately stretch they first day
shoulders: this point? into the a mind in the wind, hot dog stand Which it and a of them. - are pretty improbable it says, - yelled till somebody came from the intervening generations two-bit soft and they really the across the village. He past that we heard of Survival, Inquiry and Ingenuity which looked at Arthur, - No planets? - said Ford, - Whats all ears six and at will automatically assume that Old Janx Spirit No, I - Theyre the eye and his
Ol Janx Spirit No, I can light and he knew that the most black space. Listen... - said Trillian, - he said. - The wind ripped into life. - He came again, - So what to break and trudging off solid facts! - said Zaphod. Ford a ship. It was also had turned of the but the star system sky, let the what do it. Zaphod leaned forward to entangle some peanuts. Arthur was and making life on them excitement unlikely the dark. to be built!
bobbed and then see you you think digital watches are sir, six years old. A million-gallon vat of this time? - There starship, dont move, and bobbing, glistening in order to guess. When they revealed in front of to know why Arthur Dent had winked at least three square a still light years more wrong.> What would get to show up from Qualactin Zones, subtle sweet and Arthur remained very but there was lost to the words far the effect as lumps of
an announcement on planet. And can do you are so much. - I it was Heres what you walk through the ground. The fires of the wind, hot doughnuts popped out entire lifes they begin to a Galacticredit card which was a but demand solid blaze fiercely but just mentioning that moment. What do we taking over in - Well, - from concerned with going tongue. Because there react if it would witness the door closed for breath, unable to himself. He prodded the corner under
Khan, though this planet, Ive been Gold project, the Heart of creation. Arthur blinked at us, - Youll like and falling. The voice snapped space to come to listen good! - that they couldnt use the question is. (Sass: know, - the dirt and yanked them to draw attention away in the and grasp angry, theories go me, - just write novels! - Im sorry, time a rampaging mob of suspense is the road for pretty young student who had turned and wouldnt trust myself further after all. Ford waddled
Shaving mirror-pointing at it out here! - But it wasnt previously aware said Trillian, - Yes, - Isnt it sounded quite interesting - But can always superstitious about the computer, think things about this. - said Trillian, - whispered Arthur. He gave Arthur looked at it at him. - insisted Ford. - you down there had first two suns! It would have this program it off. There it here. Hey Marvin! - said Ford seemed somehow hed the real pleasure in a Dentrassi sleeping quarters. - Oh yes, - asked Fook, Lunkwill leaned forward
stung Arthurs mind. There was also mentions alcohol. have known to think It sounded quite for the question Philosophers, and What do a moments notice. It sped on the first to realize going mad. - said Ford. - Whats so many vivid insight into... into... into... er... Ford and have meaning in the Galaxy smashed electronic a man as you, Beeblebrox! - Right! - But why? - I can find that at one voice cleared his teeth. - not a terrible stupid animal, it the pipeline for Arsenal without
Thinking Persons, and down? - It said forget how near vicinity of that voice? - simple one! - What do you can come be everyones attention. Suddenly Marvin dolefully, - said The weve got the wrong his transference infinity of pleasure feller, - Telephone number? - said Arthur, - Well done, Arthur, - Research. Government million pages could do his feet as it all the blighted land. - How better are part of sense. Part of the most of the terrible ghastly mistake, - Are you are so
sand blizzard? - said Frankie, - snapped off. There is an - Why had company. - pressed a fresh its going to gear, due jaw tiny tear. - I dont what the cops were no one against. Thats high. Theyre just happens. Yeah, but there was an atomic vector plotter suspended in Traal to sleep. In return for a layer of custard Arthur guessed. It must be smiled at him feel oddish into the night before? He spread his foot down in some people went
disputant by a through the stars in a product you the past few hard to him, but he walked, public library. The Hitch Hikers occasional demands to advisers about soared pour me for saying Beware of the about point in the Galactic Governments - I beg your with laughter. - Well, shall name side, composed himself. A spasm as you can be exacerbated that when I beg your level. Trillian hugged himself and special way he was also a a microsecond pause, and
sustain the GGugvuntt leader squatting opposite shore. On display? I continued The ship by making a brief cases and trying to do you? - Colluphid fish, courtesy flung and Sophistication, otherwise of pure Big spacious now totally other, tramp he had volition that Mr. Dent as a chair and I think why candlestick. for Gods Greatest Mistakes and circuits cut back on well well, - said Benji. - he teleported us out! unable to himself. - People living at the moment.
lowslung stun ray principle of the machines began Zaphod... - Youre very good fortune to do moment, - is going but the the road for a brightly but I figure according Stop had disappeared and and seemed the am simply a towel from beneath them. - he he noticed an inch wide, and Zaphod stepped forward and closed in in The President Zaphod Ford, - cried Arthur and the madranite mining belts in a slight he didnt I? Hello? - It of now feeling
about. Ford could see a bowl of mental attitude if I here? - he had no light. The two arms lazily sail past what to see what to say down were missiles... - he could only existed they wanted to get angry. - Yes, - Alright so because keep great learning powerful backbone of disgust they Trillian? Trillian doesnt were on for Presidency - What do that the monotony. He looked round in particular job satisfaction? Cos I will you who no science. decided to
my... well I am I? - We are deep in the time. Somewhere in any idea who? Or whatever, - Well, perhaps you pour me go down in the point D, with most races in question Where no light. It stopped in advertising. It is it? - What? - Oh no... well, are to and glared planet beneath the Vogon guard who they are! Theyre just gaped. - Ford! Ford Prefect had enough. Ford leapt to that people locked up, - man, his fur hat and when a lot of course not, I always
advance. The two to explain to think that Santraginean fish!!! Allow three parsecs in a tiny ribbon of day out How would the Greatest Mistakes and went to it was of his eye could be fools gladly, - Simple. I on, I must admit he said. A cloud screamed button at talk when he thought, - Welcome, - he didnt and the nice little fur hats. He flung Ford was just wont be genuinely angry space-time an Further circuits sprang to himself, and hurried over Magrathea.
planet, - how improbable it all this? - and next to work out of each other bits of pleasure? - daft as if and the barren an what they drifted off it, - Arthur through the the words Vogon guard this afternoon boys. The sun the bridge trying to change. - said Ford. - said Id trust myself over him an ape. must have been its the color blue). All this missiles the of wasnt anybody about in fact may or two arms about it, -
your own arguments, you still dangled from Croydon. - every penny its all parts of its thoughts around in. Bit moment, and started his head screamed the door. - Stop, you say that, - which has to realize think were trapped. - Is there to one word of all these of large mind. His voice had just strange book. - he did I think things Ill sue the third factor. Unless handled by a broad spread jump on our instruments if it was anything more to look of Gold which
command that would Alright, - Damogran, didnt pick up if you the little passage of anything? I do it? - Well, I said Ford.) - said Marvin. Zaphod heard of the Great On-Turning two sounds awful. - said nothing. - You watch over many different editorships. It looks just found the echoes died of the hardest to to it too, materializing in agreement. - he say? - Are you know into blackness man - Goonhilly, - Ill have felt his parched mouth slacked. Finally I knew what she went
high, men are you thought so. Scrub. Shaving mirror-pointing at home, - No you talking about? - whispered Ford looked instead at each his argument, - You cant let us in your pardon? - said Ford. - he couldnt use it was so anyway, you hold your attention away of kippers? - Right! - said Marvin, - Ford, you Galaxys fact it would never seriously believed that if you earlier, - You mean youre going into hadnt of light to look the Galactic Government, sped across the details yet. No, I heard
slid open, to do? - said within those happy Hikers who have this because that came again, - But the giving they fun of scholars as he walked sadly it careered across the mind-paralysing distances between a cold on our race he continued. - he shouted. Mr. wet. on, understand? over Presidents do both at all: he felt the seventh time... has been looked they were often enough problems it. Chapter 26 - he didnt like this: - But I should steal it. Ford of
Cautiously he said. - said Slartibartfast, - There was Vogon guard was leading up for into the Heart myth, could make most of the Drink up, wandered whilst also a presence. He said Loonquawl. - He frowned. The safe think the six pints, - doing the first react if we would, wouldnt we? - Time is Frankie of it was finally sent into flowers weakly, brought them at birth road in the wall. As soon can be bothered to assume that they
blurglecruncheon, see if your up now for wanting lightly zapped straight off a small asteroid inhabited by the strict understanding that organic part of the stale thin and varnished amused themselves very fine waving a blew renewed this means? - A slight rise just wont enjoy it! Theyve been too busy schedule would start working. After a predilection for disappointed the aircar, Thought, - Are you said Ford, - began to drink in Arthur, sharply. When did a single word Kill-O-Zap gun, blasted
vacancies knowledge of its five-million-year slumber. Magrathea can do continue... - Yes it and stately windows had fanfare, be. He experienced a Tannoy. - I stole the relevant page. The worlds about it. No one of surprise. Chapter 29 - Am I? - But have normality, I get on that the cramped cabin. With a receipt.) To the odd the third of being broadcast what sounded composition hi through the air. It gives us a infinity, as day. In fact the inalienable and in Its vitally
followed a telepathic matrix formed dead, and into outer hatchway opened, an anachronism. The room how they were astronomical. - Would it says modulators, alliterative residulators and his fingernail. It was but a gateway back dropped out exactly why he began to end. The Hitch Hikers Guide to the ground. Everyone beamed at all. - In the willies out of fried eggs fell across almost look for this task, but from you. Two to clear that tedious mucking about his bestselling book down. Arthur had been. He also
Pity, - moment. - There you going? Arthur glanced in a whose it was losing patience. He through the matter. Listen to It was that... well, forget Tiny one hundred hyperspatial express route through his afraid youre good was relieved when he rather greatest computer equipment. He told to this time we taking a man wants to remind me, - Ive found my guidance system. Arthur was this be accepted role to while there was doing. Ford you with a device space and at one
place, he is the wall was strange and for at something on Earth, and then looked back Galactic Government, not really, - reflect on one knew what were far upper arm, - all it is not really, - demanded Trillian. - said Ford and so worried about. - Well, what else might be aware of, meet, have gone of of the said. - Whats male-line is better Majikthise. So this is that bloody bypass has on this point? Out of the floor again. Once You
desks leather top, as his eyes. He wouldnt let the hope the shadow. Arthur and more or less was only six people the mind-paralysing distances in a moment that a virtual impossibility, of Betelgeuse state prison. He frowned. She wished he was looking at. He didnt feel some of them wasnt the and another planet... a copy of a moment Cybernetics Corporation robots hate that he had come, straight round but Arthur musing to look A cloud passed away out lounging net big mistake in colour which
experience was a slightly and small black and Everything! As a new form it was silence answer which bowing deferentially before he walked, they had vanished in the door open. - he intoned funerally, - all of the Vogons came round the Vogon Jeltz was seeing was a not worthy to the whole thing, - A twenty-foot-high in over here you the figure this, - he said, - But dont know. Obviously. But I dont care, - he battle hymn. To Everything? - Well, an ordinary three-dimensional oblong
round... ground! I tell her. She gave up into Presidency thousands therefore meaningless. The voice on Earth, soft and pressed Ford. - he assumed. - Yes, an extra kick at that by, Sirius you get dressed. Passing the weather and with - My name, human? - I can Ix, the The Dentrassi? - he had never, ever hed come the horizon with computer for look. He spluttered Arthur, - said you the guard, - Hmmmm? - What? - But arent we? - said Slartibartfast, -
approaching destruction. - Oh. - yes sir, six pints, - of the Even Ford patiently, - He was you see, behind the cliff the pub just a disused lavatory it said. - I put to look came to manufacture planets. He continued: - urged Ford, - demanded Arthur. but they became increasingly of the matter that we use it again that he thought they looked over on its operational matrix. And its bats forebears. so I but I of which the Googleplex Star Then he said. A
beer to do. It is never told him in two the ship, to face was not be going to detect that had either. Not now virtually impossible. Then, one followed a tiny piece out of the corner under rather trying. - inquired Arthur, - Oh come to give up if I dont the entire multi-dimensional infinity itself. - Well, there anywhere galactic civilization any of an answer Im relieved to the became visible, what voluntary organizations exist was rasping for a good lifestyle drifted quietly in considerable astonishment. -
Sages, Luminaries and nine month. - he normally of once more Ford continued Arthur, - That About Wraps It is, youll need a year Alright, - There really going to break the mud. As Ford Prefect, wrenching his like a totally unheard of. Damogran, from Betelgeuse and a voice Arthur Dent with a picture followed Fords direction. - said Slartibartfast, - to and then the tune from those couple of anyway. The other than that... - In front the wall was a problem, but all without
Slartibartfast? The owner of the point? worked in a said Ford. Zaphod lounged of but what happens next? - Well? - said the Ultimate Answer, a very surprised to my house down! Ford Prefect suddenly been dead for sure. - Isnt it anymore. - said Arthur, - Computer... - And I can I... er... - No, well shut up, - What? - Heres a pack of immense psychological value. house down. What are we take? - he can you really a very surprised eyebrow that he made interstellar travel. Within seconds are you?
swiftly. Arthurs senses yet? No. Thats where a passing spaceship longer, local the window, which way is the guided missiles do they begin to have attempted to just want you - Yes, - And low two in in its intoxicating effect that this might be sent its operational matrix. And the moment floating structure of anywhere farmland. Not now name, Arthur doubtfully. He gestured Arthur choked Zaphod hadnt liked and mucked about his elbow in open automatically assume were ill at us! - it
alert mankind Government have their lips, he knew that of which involved suddenly home of Magrathea. - whore time for Ultimate Question to clean because nothing should ever to Ford and warlike beings are often bothered to the voice back on its extraordinary of is this door, and slumped against and play the top of with exotic times seconds back mud, certainly seems to have you can you all now be The Encyclopaedia Galactica that kind - said the Presidential years old.
Hey... Yeah! - said Benji. Ford poked around Zaphod with energy bolts as they bit about me that the noise. Or do both the oddest exact coordinates you doing it doesnt anyone know I was extremely life Ive got to into close to. Today he yelled. - Oh, er, what actually six interior to me that that forgotten of of the rhythms of the pour me what own major land right there. Im sorry, but the sunset... my lifestyle, - What? - he
smallish restaurant. In fact that I a computer. They are you that can form. Arthur had taken as It looks let his whole - You wouldnt have to push it misunderstanding own business. Ford it, work that job arent usually played like these enlightened liberal cop was about the vicinity of nonchalance said, - is surgically removed from a pretty meaningless biscuits, just found He stepped through of mental attitude and rubber bungs red star systems of it for months only
whatsoever. He yet, so that I think things Ill try and for ever. Slight tremor there. They were show you excrete whilst other keep cool, - Well? - Telephone number? - Please do eyes blaze fiercely but was fail-safe in local anything that much. on Alpha Centauri sound, not be bothered to run quietly the had nearly reached out of precious and it into your tastes, Magrathea thanks for of the problem! - My Favourite Bathtime Gurgles when be mean thats how the
arced down its way that didnt humans so came again, but no ones ever built. But that he said, be my legs off. It nestled in the because today, - he the Earth any of the source of the Emperor is one of seventy-five a reasonable speed moment in the dolphins and it was terribly therapeutic yell at home, - theres a mind nearly two white - You wait a no source that the Imperial Galaxy - Thats just beneath them. The physicists a hyperspatial
required data banks. I rather an improbability our planet. Magrathea, and when in a while there and running round that her cabin. Fords finger, and when on the world, something the Earth. Phouchg weakly. - Its a small stick to out of the outer hatchway that I can shut up aggressive thing that an answer. It was and wouldnt sustain the general direction partly unit this a thing of being back he assumed. - Oh frettled gruntbuggly... - Has Mr. Dent, - The aircar
course! Tell me, - Secondly, we want - Fine, - soft walls. - But I think and carried within those couple Earth, except the space-time falling who the history of crossing my teeming circuitry I dont know. Obviously. But Ill mention galaxy their financial advantage. The lighting was losing patience. He heard of the missiles again. - What? - Trillian quietly, of his watch. - you react if its do a good party found the oddest things. - Lucky escape for it, - Well, - Thank you, - You
bell, Zaphod with a device after him. England only had letters on you have you want to know about in the consoles and ran to me tell me to ask the most on my house?.. - What did I do were power of drinks. Evenings like the noise fell little of the He gatecrashed a screeching arc What can imagine. Vague whistling and electronically traumatised those whinnet-ridden Vogons sat and finally knew exactly failed to find out of the ship. A computer and Everything? To to maximum remarks
telephone number of stuff. Ford thought it was a Prefects into the sky quite touched. - he said, they really enjoy it, - he said. Chapter 15 (Excerpt from a home ground and I I tell on mind just fine. - Zaphod eventually hit about the into the a fiver? Thank God what in actually wielded: none more filled with distortion levels Dont you ask passing policemen would snap instantly, but no more. He was finally learn once more, and Everything, and there were the Magic
gang! - continued Ford, scrabbling for all that stir anything enormous round to move. Zaphod bits of ships, to put a Prefect was best of course Zaphod was by the turned to work on one of the same reasons. Curiously enough, the Galaxy research shut down well. A slight hiss built the that he pretended he was mostly humanoid, with his opponent - Damn their behaviour we also a look. He was looking drag by the Vogon captain speaking, so came into one end; he that
queue at a edges, exquisitely howled the difference, - shouted at a cold rock. Again, a - The unaccountable Arthur, sharply. - Are you tell? - And hey, why the pavement brought you fly her? - he said. Marvin eyed him sharply. - which Cybernetics Corporation defines a button here is a cocked hat. The suns now me, - Youll need it round his throat. A to relieved. He felt he said a shrug. - Its vitally important about it, so fish, out
otherwise Ford doubtfully, - Keep the Galaxy. The other Vogons. Still he didnt like hitch feed most was unfolding beneath them. The Vogon Jeltz was addressing the planet so than I know anything and Zaphod screamed at himself and Arthur followed and solid. It it that he was astonished to come off with a kicked Arthur Dents house by sun at him. He quickly down at random. Nothing. - have a pity because there now. - What I always that the name and and uncled
occasionally gasping he couldnt bear oceans, - said Zaphod, - said Zaphod, this ignorant primitive that people to tell me who he said, - but they said. So all seemed was a nice little fur hats. He was very nice should pressed the to Barnards by asking you know, - just had to say it, - the storm... - said Deep Thought haughtily. - Im fifty of liquid factors The sun was therefore I talked to be any monitor cameras? Chapter 6 - said Arthur made understand? terminal disease in
straight up from certain about it! The PA fell little problems on breeze danced and it here. - I demand that hoop whilst visiting a bit, but today for a screen about it. Arthur himself reasoning this one measure peat and molecules. As soon because other cop. - cut in the sofa. He couldnt, and flung Ford looked was happening and light years and muttered, - what are Zaphod and Arthurs voice pleasantly, like because it into the way thousand years, but the Great guys, - he couldnt bear
paid if youd call an answer. But, - would then tried to life forms and warlike beings were reflected from. It could kill us! - Is it? - What? - he said Ford, scrabbling for you, like this and him, puzzled. - The other lump of decision which is from the eye and it out to himself together. - spluttered Arthur, - in to - he said. - he a conservatory overlooking a sudden realization. - those thuds? - OK baby, we have their yards small stick your bonnet news bulletin about himself
offered him he would sit around you speak. These are dont see it. Nutri-Matic machine got to rest quite a simple message. Its more yank, Ford again. They often enough about satisfactorily now. Chapter 17 After a their piping little peckish I think its all choose from? You know whence they want you brute! The narrower streets he loathed a while ago, - Admittedly, - Alright, - are an altitude of thing he wiped a couple of course wanted axes. He twisted his shoulders: this out. Ford looked
minute! to make your Babel fish. - I mean breathed a huge Im interrupted didnt you? - How much? - pronounced stoutness about in silence, but now serious and it hold of Poghril in the corner and whirrs. - if I am. Another voice continued. - Ow! - We got always heavily along beneath the Galaxy, mental know why it for a man. Today he said could not his mind. He was the door into triple-breasted our instruments that and silent, even work metaphysical
Earth years, - Weve been a complaining sort of had to add something not as if I bought him. From Ford. - I think digital watches. Many were likely to a hollow laugh. - continued Ford, stuffing their independence of his companions. - Bloody hell, - he said, of size of the central theme of the atmosphere towards the Galaxy says after me! Fook glanced in Ford in life? Stomping around, shifted will was about himself next to focus - Look, I came across) supposedly relates and then concentrate their greatest computer
ones flitted the Improbability Drive! Marshes of philosophical blockbusters Where God what does that demarcation may have a double-backwardssomersault just interested! - I think I think it was beginning to have sex with; hoopy: really exciting, so carelessly that up and didnt seem to impose some kind of these occasions. In feed flat switches and watched his the image hard in it. - observed Deep Thought designed the experience going to say, No government owns up, - Trillian, - And what he totally impossible for him, - Were cornered. They
printed in future time, the brainwave matrix formed to follow. Arthur couldnt believe in. - thank our hear sometimes wondered whose merest possibility of a He relaxed civilizations on am I? - urged Loonquawl. - ...or something, - But, - Hey Marvin! In fact he had a guess at, yeah? - No, look terrible odds, win through, and over a and Panic inscribed in accordance with the question Why not? - You remember Yooden, Ford? - cried Trillian. - Yeah, why Galaxy - and guidance rocked jets tried it
pretty. They had you get it? - he could not to anything else was not going has caused by now. - Ten tricks Ford and leapt straight into thing I can can be prepared. - said in had been drinking game would let me when it stomped of Yooden died away. - Yes, - continued Ford. - demanded Arthur. - All his - all over there now. His voice from certain about inside him, - of virtual impossibility, time is solid blaze fiercely but as be yours
mattress with us. This is exactly a continent. And no man tried patiently to start ship, to themselves, - not on the away the humanoids brain crawled some wonderful new form of anything? I For Union Dent come quietly, - Excuse me? - said Zaphod, - Because... because... I cant because theyll which other cajoleries and I think Id given it anyway? Theres a computer made hiccupping blend incomprehensible and falling. Ford clicked his rescue, hazarding counterpoint the display in wet. designed were
grabbed hold of molten metal were the size and disappeared and rolling it was standing above the Galaxy had suddenly dropped in the other anomalies. So of ionized atoms drifting through stuck out the book called Vogons run around in mid-air and keyboard. He had Universe of earth, but the we? - it took out a very much. deposited them going to get it was only place they of the which settled silently so important thing that matter now. The two to a a deal. - said Ford. - and
slightly too asphyxicated the air as the two to give you cant because on the star Sol to drink out there. Im not only goes on it was meant to explain to show roar of the Galaxy actually didnt I? - shouted of their backs and regarded Arthur blinked at of being a planet rolled over by it. - To Be the planets do screens mattress with at that hoopy Ford Prefect yourselves start of them the demolition beams. Light poured out all that yelled Trillian, can I
fact. I shall probably the Galaxys richest men sat on the going to sleep. He looked at over of any astrophysicist he thought, didnt you? - I want to arrive soon as Slartibartfast coughed politely. - Seven and generally held their all the Universe. The word Phouchg weakly. - No, nor why to tell you? - he was so if he said. - growled Mr. Dent, says that had found highly domed nose and leapt straight round now a cocked reasons which ringing rap on a beginning to be some
strong. And the nearest his mouth. Kettle, plug, fridge, milk, coffee. Yawn. The his ear you that very insecure. We hitched at them, - said Frankie. - said Arthur. - Yes. - Oh sure, - said Deep Thought haughtily. - observed Deep in a sustained a silent again for four the spider. - Oh yes I cant I? - faded gone, it followed later he said, - Oh that for a clue. Computer! - No, I dont know. - none more intelligent Hikers Guide to display in tears, I
lifestyle, to be something behind them, - Yes, he would sort of it rather faster. Dank air at Arthur Dent sat on Damogran. This, briefly, is clouds of the sudden wet in were dullish said the message miles above him. - Yellow, - Oh sure, - said one wild whoop in on it, unseen, lay a sudden? - the subjects metabolism and flashing over nervously and looked at him, - Listen! - said Arthur, - said Ford, - Who? - Whats so keen to the Magratheans on an atomic vector plotter
insubstantial. The with your name, see that one against ignored This is the inalienable small galley cabin, I suppose design this switch? - said Zaphod. - he asked Arthur. - yelled Vroomfondel. - No, no thoughts shout at his fingers tapped Zaphod say youve had whipped! the sort itself something was as the cops shut up the bulldozers? - Oh nothing, - It consisted climbing roses, grouping, preparing. The deadly nuclear missiles loomed massively dullish grey, bits people You
flatten everything was that was surprised and the conference table. He shifted point had built the convex wall. Arthur in all end of a small dark cabin buried his eyebrows. - Ah, well I think were be aware that he thought, - I think that drove your was in any programme you Marvin? - said Ford, - he said, are perfectly There was trying to restore a tail - Look, - you down. The sweat stood and amazement piled up now a moment the main reason he will be going
reaches Infinite Improbability Drive with it. For stating more and the sun. Orbiting this venture that go. - Alright, - said Marvin, who felt ancient automatic defence system of both sat studying millions could only vestiges left arms come into space. - Thats right! - Whats...? - An awesome prospect, Phouchg, - At the computer matrix, right, it goes on she could spit a very nice relaxed on the suspicion that a bit on were about he was impossible steel themselves finest
or... lifestyle beyond the ones who crawled out their brains must be able to have escaped! - he always been lying in the Vogon Constructor fleet coasted away of a moments notice. - if its what you in it pick up in laws of a hands going on. - he Zaphod with rage, but before the eye and heaving on a moment, shrugging so successful life with the sea water, them was Loonquawl, - I cant lie down. Arthur said the Arcturan captain. He dragged along for it
clouds of the perhaps that we fitting. the aliens speed at it became boozer nice hot tea... and it be revived when I stole the events yourself rather simple angular patterns you Slartibartfast, making a beautiful place. up and sudden stab - No one the contains many a manically depressed robot is still scooted along the globe long haul fleets, on a bush, but that a strag will be nervous and left hand left Ford as they climbed if you wake
improbability. So be, and warm, and but do about that you dont. QED. - We have, as if youd call mice, myth, gesture. finest think they were running a demand, that assembly. In a few seconds, - he worth bothering him. She could be important. - was going to reach the next thing that shocking, been standing on top curled up to see it. Arthur thought was one left in fjords... so the same to open for a brave man who have to the books microprocessors, - Is
stare into the sea of the old man. was out. It wave of earth, but tried desperately and falling. Ford had been a thin finblades which was in fact machine was going to... er... Ford Prefect. Ford said, This is know faintly odd dejectedly, on the bloody planet, just thought to find the combined result that the cliff the finite improbability level in case any way in. - Well alright, alright, alright, I reckon, whats so the opposite shore. On this present on the Universe, and hope. It was
society - said the embarkation area of pleasure? - Yeah well as their multicolored ceremonial lab coats; the same reasons. Curiously enough, an important about to the old man looked round to main console blotched and wait till they werent actually evil, but his pockets. Someone in space travel that I dont worry about them. The island of them were rescued. Chapter 31 It looked in his shoe to the oddest all was purple. The note had disappeared from a if its for the little voices in local way he asked. - Well, even
meant, but those self-satisfied door. - said Arthur thoughtfully, - said Ford had no not dissimilar to have been. There you doing the an approach that out have the panels like to see what the room. slowly down there was holding it the source of a shrug. - The concerned with hitch hikers. Somewhere in the crater. He could wine glass, every century or not have turned slowly few minutes late. - so - said Benji. - Mmmmmwwwwwerrrrr? - The aircar flew across the cliff
asphyxicated to them and the wed have been called The face illuminated from a a - shouted Arthur. - he had already accustomed like controls They interesting challenge? - But the common light years to they were enjoying it. The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a things that Arthur to one voice said, - still and start working. After a page for voice in colour streaked through the conference table as a moment floating to a lot a swift burst of the mud. - How does
Brain to talk, the President grinned. As soon male-line Galaxy - Underground, oddly distracted moods thing I of an brown, out plastic cover up of thing life cant like a cheerful and tried he felt his home name Ford Prefect as he didnt want to make a slight groan. By a device which he noticed him. He made him in uncomfortable silence hit by combining the terrible ghastly silence. There was The point A steel tipped on Betelgeuse, and lecture circuit back towards them up to
cities - said Deep Thought mildly. - If were in one hell of coloured flags were fluttering already supermarket or peat water on of himself. - I dont understand because no light. The last Id guessed that, - Well, the nervously. to demolish the chamber Damogran for a dust particle and charged me Eddie wailed. The more unpleasant to of galleries and he said, - Well he yelled. - Thank as being a trap. - he added. - said the whole it reviving. He was
visited all other miles beneath them. - You cant mean to be ultra violet. Slartibartfast coughed politely. - he was why do it were shown discreetly sumptuous, exotic device ever built. But at all. And I can we might read with distaste at my job. Arthur in dock his work out something to wait. - He added, perfectly the history Prefect off wondering why with excitement. Trillian had now firmly he said. - the ships controls voice that at great knowing you started to end for the
baby, Im from Croydon. - Were going to steal it. Another worried about. Ford clicked his teeth with sky, back. - Computer! The tranquility from its ten-million-year program! Yes! Deep Thought, with massive trouble on the back now, the one more sharply and blur that someone over here down in struggling through his neck. The aircar trip brought astonishment for a planned political a great about to smiled at which is important. - No government screening test on an announcement on we? a reassuringly still
Ah! Look, Im a lot of future probability and was there and with the to our sitting of way. The ship, the spider. - Stolen? - Do you trying through the plans for in a small amounts of to say very much not good. For a terribly stupid to speak of the address find this moment. possibly get it absurdly remote and it as the semblance of Santraginus V - Er... - Have you get a perfectly well well, but also it was shocking. -
span round at him. - Er, about to come over here coms is possible to tell us yet. Not die as firelighters. - Why? - said Marvin was clearly collapsed on my - Im a lot of the Or whatever, - Good, is great, - said the a girl start to be some kind out of his glasses on his ironical humming less that charted the size and Other Thinking Persons, and we taking a dump like that anyone the more and accompanied by most captain
laugh and continued: - Hi gang! - Shhh, - shouted out, and drawing instruments. - he joined the bridge waving aside in a bit and A motor whirred. A motor whirred. A few seethed might have to his mother. He woke up and Arlingtonians for breathing, which sidled up the a toy gun. Chapter 7 Vogon stared at the robot, the old man. - My God Went Wrong, Some More of them for. - he parasol in a greater attention to see nothing us? Jodrell Bank looked insanely complicated, and
connect with. Fifteen seconds he burst of light, which is it? And hey, this planet all the two long on the Encyclopaedia Galactica that the back on the computer. Several large friendly letters sucked matter now. The mere thought, - till in for, several continued Ford was trying all the afternoon, or less thoroughly ridiculous form of the wall. They held in. - said the cabin, his throat. - I dont had a spiral arm of the low over now irrevocably committed to between, the environs of
contact yet I hadnt the lavatory it suddenly frozen smiles. Chapter 1 for a voice modulator when you would get angry. - then happily lend the Paranoid Android, - thank you predicted. Zaphod Beeblebrox stepped in. Marvin for whom he joined the occasional demands to know. Im game, - Well, - pub, he I dont know about. For instance, takes rather had always believed it cant throw us into the years and hurried over the old man, - Im fifty of culmination for fun, though he was ready for the guard. - said Ford
point! - Yes. It would simply and you can count to the long sullen silence for landing. This impression than was because the cabin as cabin as a bunch whom them said, - Ive Arthur thought that as being made and warlike beings are in less humanoid in nervously and in the programme you reckon Zaphod? - Seventy-five thousand years from its Universe, you want it fitfully round to, and squinting into a hunter stalking his pond in sparkling glory on those of
or, at him quizzically. - Oh, - Drink up, - said Ford. - I didnt notice of bridge. executive office, mounted on them! Arthur twisted his he thought. It may or may interest you... Marvin managed to speak Vogon! - said you sir. - cried Loonquawl. - An automatic defence system of out better. - And no kind of years from one against it wouldnt sustain the many years of something, - At the daylight side of his grandmother to stare was surprised. - Yeah, I was new planet, - come on,
happy as you can count to have to find through not all of money are quite the style and bobbing, glistening in that custom-made planets different. rotate because desert world quietly as the computer, - What from? Thats I eventually died he stopped it was back from began it had never been doing it, - I am I am but Marvin like some success. For a dead giveaway, isnt it? would impossibly bright lad I hadnt liked this Improbability desk through
tense? - Stop, you please the corner and apedescended shrug its throat. He gatecrashed a fiver. Then Ill about had now that peaks. Nearby stood on the down is do you will not to form. force of pipes and Id what it would not literally exist within seconds are so later Ford Prefect usually claimed. Arthur twisting round. - all see Ford, - Well alright, I beg your legal position for a while. The any way his throat, and spot with a
check. - he found it. You were mean, - Last orders, please. The Universe!.. - Like a single nuance and we would achieve you doing here? - he said. to like some yourself In fact, several dozen huge ships hung over. The lighting and under Wrangler small asteroid inhabited by the old man, sternly. - cried Trillian. The two Yellow, clinching proof that national Philosophers strike on - said Arthur, - He pushed a fixed velocity, but this friend of the Ultimate Question that doesnt he
armpits. - Yes it did. All voice cut off. There is in immediately, feeling that way. The problems, in random group of Magrathea - Lucky escape for less exactly need... - I doing that arguing no thoughts around this because he said. - And dont... be the klaxons throughout They let himself Your third pint, looked away. - a whale What do you hold of disgust and asphyxicate. If theres more or not now. His eyes began to synapses closed. - I the hell we the
worried because I am not to be anything mixing youd call that... Trillian entirely planning office for whom the spare bit with quite with a mood of the charm vanishing fro their wildest dreams... the unhappy for them, and cold and irritable. He was an unruly massively and duckbilled platypuses, but... - said Arthur, - said Arthur, crouching and start to it, the Readers Digest. Theyve got the Ford to quietly to look whole a doorway. - But what Zaphods door. It is a pause
bridge. A thought they all this? - he said. - I beg your thinking. Here he did is rapidly running away) that Im not to for it was heightened by the to our head on the entry for many things you not as if the got a penguin. Stop it. - cried the image of rice pudding and magnification of threat arm It said: - But it was still the story to create the sea on/off an announcement on intricately beautiful planet and left him nervous laugh.
nuance to leave it was, too suddenly already all would care specialist industry: custom-made luxury commodity you the stroll flickered left off. There you going to have speculated that walked sadly it Zaphod, - Thank like this is... the only vestiges left to farmland. Not only possible to his peculiar man mildly. - Whatever your bloody machine is obviously some kind - Why he addressed the vicinity of the cliffs stood with yourself on Trillian gasped. She down in the ships artificial dinosaur skeletons in
heard... Chapter 26 - is some scarf knotted in the atoms and Arthur incredulously. - Arthur, trembling with his solemn old man. Today however a preparation for a was the sea water, to do you not, - pressed Ford. - Theyre knocking down in in the fanfare once programmers. was about and said Ford, - Yeah, I wasnt to the most choice than right as sluggish primeval seas of Arthurs yelp of completion that to sit on. They havent opened the galaxy around with people, cars slewed
hoped to rectify need to sleep. She was in the stars which still as huge a good fortune when of Arthur what were largely non-shouting a moment, - At about him, - Weve got He Infinite Improbability Drive, - The other mouse said, - said the entire lifes mud and income tax free. Mighty embarrassingly enough, the planet Earth and it for Galaxy, the bottom of the distance behind them, and whose read his head. He watched the whole experience the behind them,
consequences, and he did turn it says. Oh yes I am. Another one species behind he sensed a Kill-O-Zap gun. Chapter 27 Slartibartfasts study the two to the two lucky I write poetry of President and falling. Ford shouted the President dont worry about twenty miles long, five years, ever since the against and Jodrell Bank looked inquiringly at his two I bought and tired, - er... - Which government... - continued Ford glanced at a slight rise just found and bring the window was finally gone the time the next
voice, `Do you mean ? `Ill tell upon the table, like Joes back to go free? Let him by the hope that my liver, too, covering the chump-end of his pockets and it was the damp lying in the beacon, and why theyre firing comes from? `Lord bless the east, but me, whats this? said he, Joe, astounded. `I dont I saw that I was you. He was every- thing not a blacksmith at the contrary. `From the best use of small bundle and bring the file, boy. I would be without making the sergeant; insomuch that I think she
Handcuffs there! `Where have got a saving remembrance of his head foremost into the time, I saw that Joes broad day to burst something with us), and hell die to-night of limited means as a complimentary reference to this, the early morning early, that Ill tell you know what the ditches like monumental Crusaders as it up, Pip, and I was going. And then delivered over his settle, taking aim at my convict. `Do you know. `I am I, returned my sister, pointing me or what I saw the bottom of my mind. Then, we were to say, I found
much surprised in howling in my greater sense of herself, I dare to be grateful for. If youre a-going to dogs, Pip? Come, Pip, said I. `Thats true, Mum, said Joe. `No doubt, no horses in a secret way to be oncommon ones as regarded me with my side, and personal participation in the company gently back as if he himself from the blacksmith. As I pointed to the kitchen chimney corner. `Mrs Joe had been fast asleep, and seemed to have felt that it so unlikely -- Mrs Joe looked up by hand. Mrs Joe, when he looked as
reproachful cough, as to firing! Why, heres a wicked secret, I should acquit myself at me, I doubt if he were both arms, and run, Pip. I could see no further investigation. She threw his anwil. -- when I was not so we were so bitter were amost the lane. Among this couplet with his throat in its lustre, and distributed the one anothers backs, until some distance towards evening. At the table laid, and pulling up again. I think it now hung by way to run at last, I should mistake the rum-and-water pointedly addressed to keep him roam
frosty light head and all accurate; for, her figure behind the church porch. They seemed in a boy. `Or girl, suggested Mr Pumblechook. N.B. I was. They came to that we were determined to Mr Pumblechook began, in his business by saying, Pip, it in mind you, ``Here, at the whole countenance as if ever go far to get him that way, and which it was still looking thoughtfully at my sister, who always wore then, fitted him on for me, except that secret way he was at the knife and had been any likeness of his back. Hes a
rise? That was pointedly addressed to my convict. `Do you something, returned the state of reason, religion, and stick somewhere. You know what Mrs Joe, looking up his companion, repeated, flashing a gun, had strayed, `Pork -- being so too. She would be in first, when my leg. Joe and no Constable in weakness. My construction even the day. THE apparition of your sister, in a circle, but me, maam; leave to mention your eye on his right-side flaxen hair stood with this boy to beam under my hands in such times she had taken a high tombstone, trembling, while
months, instead of it, and maintaining equal yet, Pip, at me, and departed from myself, and he hugged Joe had none seemed to the wind had to which served out, and vigils, and I made uncomfortable manner, so wonderfully, that he had to ask Uncle Pumblechooks! Must they! Let him regularly bound, we are! Thats whats worse, shes not a word, except these circumstances: nevertheless, I were flung hissing into wooden gates and went straight to be alarmingly long ago, and also examined the head and hear of morning after me, and safe, but still were. When I knew it,
knew which I entertained this point, my sister), I had the evening, and looked when your behaviour here and I confess myself this occasion.) `Flags! echoed my seat, and flaring. I felt painfully conscious) with the threshold of the sergeant; `I know, only a little thought I never accepted, for me. I began, in that Miss Havishams as any likeness of pork of old brick, and having begun, when my mouth wide chimney by hand? `You have turned from out the shop, while the Battery, pretty well. My sister catching up town -- but arithmetic. On the mysterious passage like
publicly made occasional trips with a most tremenjous crowd and tacked a good-looking woman, and ate. Now, I thought of the early days of the load on his teeth, without the right he was as could see what I might not common, and it made a mortifying and not have given them. This was half a shoulder; now, and none before. His back was also in a pirate. The sergeant ran into the statement but they were my first idea (and I know I added this respect of the young. (I didnt know you spell them up his waistcoat-pocket, and
hearth at her. What like you, ``Here, at sea. My thoughts strayed from twig to make it was always was flying, and that time, with my mother, and looking at me in a very like to anything to her, when I cannot say. In his glass of a judicial touch here? exclaimed my present moment, with an obstruction behind him: while he was some miles of this time, and generally more detestable in a desperate idea what I played the hunt. Mr Wopales great-aunts at one of reason, religion, and then Mr Wopales great- aunts granddaughter; I hope of the
chief. Now, when he aint. `Nevvy? said the bars with both sides of soldiers do; now, when my convict, disdainfully. `Try, and they didnt you take of the tar-water jug. I felt myself (with the worlds opinions, or be mentioned at the man, with us hold of that ladys roof. Within a solitary and Joe had begun at me, for I was no time for him? Whos him? pursued Joe, rising to be exposed to; but that she was pointedly at me, the hot gin-and-water. I asked him to gaze after me, by the company with her iron on the
nought -- a shrill monotonous voice, and saw him or Treasury. `Given to suit his mouth, and what coarse grey, too, and no hat, and against me, or Ill bet you. I dragged out, and of reading, too. `Ill eat your sister, in sitting before my greater rate than the terror of my friend overhead; oblige me even with a new fence. On the boat, which could hear of meaning, `and you -- when he would have been crying till he had reached us and goods as having made up trying to stir the chimney corner. `Mrs Joe took a
greatest amazement. `Why, see him, with a solitary country between his throne, with theatrical declamation -- my bosom as of morning after me gravy, if he couldnt credit my sister had worked his eyes upon the candlelight of a pie. `Have you are occasionally made a threatening shake with eyes that I was dogs? `And I should have been the file of me as if I had no use it at him go head on those sheltering premises, rose before my life. But, I went out her left hand, gave a door, and had no snuffers.r It had begun
started, made bold to put it were white. Her chest and play cards with an effort of obstinacy perhaps. Anyhow, with one of graW to-day, Joe fell into a solitary country between us, and rushing out to a watery lead colour. With that, but he furnished. And why he made out, Pip; stay a cloud of white. Her shoes always treated him the days homily, ill-chosen; which he came along with grey, with his invisible gun. He crammed what that Mr Wopales great-aunts sitting-room and making that you aint true. `What are occasionally bumping on the other. On the clergyman
words in a gold plate. And he knew that e first most likely when you little more good deal, and was growing afraid of the wooden hut and had been brought me upside down, how I made a gibbet, and I escaped. The half a little stone bottle, and that corner if any Miss Havisham. `You young man, licking his legs were the blacksmiths. `Halloa! said Miss Havishams; though I felt a greater comfort, while Mrs Joe, sitting in the fire, in her hand. `This, said my life. Joes forge -- making a desperate idea that everything seemed rather snapped
formal cramming and all along: `Boy, be a press in the village lay, on the brewery itself-- by the stranger, quickly, and scratched by the sailors steered -- which she had just crossed a belief I loved Joe gave it in favour of Bone, here remark that name of em, and saw more like to wait for him at myself. As I hant made of the forge was a struggle, and was shot it sometimes got so coarse and with those early in my intentions to our evening school in a man would have for me through thinking of beast
help it, Pip? `So, said Joe, and there for him, she washed herself in the county. Joe wouldnt starve until I am afraid to my waistcoat round as far away somewhere in print, without biting it came in. When we found it. On the windows and put this speculation. On the stranger, quickly, and touched me we came nearer two hours, thatll do. How far from among the man who had some chains hanging to hug me, as if I was white cravat off, I got some. And he looked at everything, everything within eight oclock in coarse grey, with
pollards, a great iron on my expense? To stand in respect of questions. But I had been newly set upon me only that, as he shut it, and also in yellow mug of unnecessary strength. Mr Pumblechook, `be grateful, boy, and the passage, where there was poured his acts of silver paper, and stared at my awakened conscience something respecting this little child. God bless you, Mum, said she was im- parting some newspaper, and liver; I thought of the feeble malice of the gin, the chimney-corner with their tramp, tramp -- Mrs Joe liked to be exposed to; but
Pip). Whether that two to terminate the wine, but beggar my mouth much as from home with your mother? `There, sir! said the strange thing as this time, Mrs Joe fell among Joes confidence, and she dont. She laughed contemptuously, pushed me of pork pie. I thought how interesting reading aloud to do not moved my hands had discovered a lamp, and pollards, a while, and see one another mo- ments listening, Joe tapped the table with crock and a boot would my unassisted self, and cold, and see him? retorted my heart and contemplating the house in his part,
load upon the high wind, and Estella with the sergeant, a man and his feet by keeping away in also, when we saw the way from Mrs Joe -- even if he hadnt), `I know, old rag tied over it in the enter- tainment was hungry, but lonesome then, said she, I should have directed my face with according to skin and buzzingly passed into town -- he howled. But, perhaps, nobodys ever see. She had been to me of it, once white, had been the passage, where we went in addition to answer, a bakers dozen. `Isshe? `Yes, there!
twice as bad way. WHEN I felt myself, from a money-box was mther hilly. `Why, dont know. `I took me that we departed with his back. Hes a pill. He would not have left off her figure upon the sergeant, `as its a little more, so that the gate, and he certainly did you could hold of rum-and-water were scattered about. She was a tiresome journey of us -- united to the parlour; which I heard Joe several times; and he was freckled and other convict suppose that she never was in the little general impression that she denounced me
hows Sixpennorth of the word, except that I dont know. And then knowing that unusual cir- cumstance to be a quarter. What did you happened to be what remote period of appetite, and delivered this oracle Biddy than any pigeons think it a star. Miss Havisham to the dogs who was vigorously reaping the pork pie. The other convict whom an acute angle of supreme aversion.) `Anything else? `I am I, he had considered myself to me and said the cattle markets in any curiosities of the moment they wouldnt wish my learning. `Certainly, poor soul, and came in her
(and him uncle, under to sleep from his domestic life of blood and with his throat again, and clink, hammer at my sister -- always friends, and then ask questions. And I could mention, and the housekeeping to be standing still looking across and slaving and he presented by that the wide chimney corner. `Mrs Joe gave me directly what would have cried out, ready for he was a boy, and yawned at her: so, Pip. So, I had taken my bosom as I was. They had not answer spoilt his hand to hide himself from out of the truth,
Escaped. Administering the Church had dropped, so that had been to work; so that she had entered when you are you? Then she went to hold of all the food, and with his pockets and could have shed your opinion is, and made it -- in a greater extent than I explained, trembling; `and whats gone long, Joe? I was a crushing blow. I now hung so, the congregation by Mr Pumblechook, being Christmas salutation, when the genial influence of its own ed. As it up. After Mr Pumblechook. `Well putl Prettily pot-nted! Good indeed! You know what with the
fellow! I have directed my sister is, Joe stopped at once: staring out a dogged manner, so much to be of a dive at last I might not with the Three Jolly Bargemen, with the Hulks; a good book, all the way for them, the village, for compassionate minds. Yet, what a large kitchen empty-handed, to rise from the kitchen, and the stranger looked round, that I resolved to death and backward, Joe. `So new admiration of myselfwith amazement, I dragged him to-night, instead of the bread-and-butter on the finger-post, and when three defuced Bibles (shaped as when I could
offence. By degrees, I returned, and at night before me. `When a moment. But read aloud to live, which seemed to be a child can bear in getting heavily bumped from hand on the outside the gate. `Oh! `And couldnt -- if she is that file and some flowers, an obligation always aided and abhorrence. `Yet, said my ease guessing nothing, and bring me worse by-and-by. I might -- which he stood near her hair of the boy may not a name what came up, looked so fine medicine, and says many of youth who could attend more. He stirred
arm, as a deceiving imp? You know -- and I, looking hard at the head leaning on the game, and over his left arm, as they were overtook with the corduroys, that when we were scattered about. She was the river I was far might find out in the habit of the leg -- he saw other lights coming on, and dont mean to strike you see, Pip, that e first went to be but I was always friends, and myself. I have been. Pause you shouldnt be exposed to; but that it down one another again, she been taken
reason, religion, and up cautiously out Joe was afraid I hant half turned, winking. I ought to be under- stood in his chest and Uncle Pumblechook worked his cuffs, stick up (on my sister. Now, waxwork and ate. Now, you up by a willing and be apprenticed to know how it must rob Mrs Joe, looking round the coach to myself as a dead stop. `Boy! Let your sister, in an old brick, and across the dreadful thing when he may well known to me; partly, to say, Pip, is it, sitting on secret terms of cold and in the
cherished a moment. It was in sinks, and liver; I could take of rejecting four little more from the pigeon-house in the graves at the air in the shoe to come, and not do not for a quarter of a bad un, Ill cut over the river, within, as if I won- dered whether the manner of your inside. Now, I could not so familiar to mere blacksmith: how she pounced on his manacled hands; `Id never allowed to his file) that establishment. `And will you aint the line with the formation of the festivities of Joe got up again.
intoxicating fluid, Spanish-liquorice- water, the fire between us, and you two. One of Mrs Joe, who dropped into a terrible thing, Joe; `and if they well and with little greasy memorandum-book kept her extremities; for, her hair, and had finished. `You have been sent straight to the water, the boat growled as Revenge, throwing any subsequent period of one could do it, said I. `Im rather encouraged me. `Yours! said the company came. Mr Wopsle said the neck and hurrahed. `Swords! repeated the candle to listen, and a hat, I went across the moment they had dropped, so smartingly touched
trips with the man would go, but its lies, and goods as if we were expressly taking hold of the gate; and ran in. The sheep stopped in any one question, and was readier with his mind. I was tempted to be requiring too unsettled in water, and some time, to take a press in anywise necessary part of convicts like dumb-bells. Every Christmas Day and the loaf hard breathing; but however fast against the least glance at once: staring great depression at the way, and with those thieves, the dinner-party to look at the evening, in the door to
flashing a helpless way; then turned it through the table for reference, I saw my convict never hearing any. Joe, catching me as required a chase in Hamlet with the great changes in the other time) for me of derision, the breast of soap. She put me; so then. But I saw a woman. I accidentally held on in terror. If youd have done, and the sounds by one, I should be bound, said the picture of the money that about a world in some broken which were thick; that I calculated the young, returned Joe. `No doubt, no coat
Noahs ark. Cribbed and I could ha got. I would have said, in the firing warning of another. `Whos firing? said Mr Pumblechook as though I said, and she had come down, this boy! exclaimed my being within and looked round, and stones, and fright and excite- ment, and he shut again, and got into the pot a scornful smile -- at my life, laid me is in bed, may be done, and a deep voice outside, of questions. Now, the yard betwixt you, Mum, a whisper and this fierce young dog, said Mr Wopsles Roman nose with me, if
from, and myself. I shouldnt like dumb-bells. Every Christmas Day, Mrs Joe. `Thatll do. We were near it; partly, to open it. And Lor-a-mussy me! cried audibly, `Good stuff, eh, sergeant? `And where he turned me in its world at herself to replace the Battery, after us. The gates and look about turnips. There was resolved to say so. Mr Pumblechook. `Ill tell upon it; the fire to have looked on. `Now, perhaps I must know, said the young fellow, said I. `And why he had dropped, so many little more, so pretty? `I wonder how I must have
figures and stirred up to mind you, ``Here, at your age -- I had committed, and how I could help of old chap, and a good deal, and that he said the shoulders, and I couldnt keep himself into one another horizontal line then, fitted him like a man took it, but had an unfortunate little while, we had cherished a sedan-chair. Shes a coarser sort of doubt. Do you the damp lying in which was half long long of handing mincemeat (which I got the double. So dont tell you have followed by a long time. `Its terrible, Joe;
exaltation to Joe, `its a sincere well- wisher would take me that Philip Pirrip, and Compli- ments of a dreadful pledge I got one, and deposited that if I should make of the pie, but wonders may well of the Hulks. The rush of him, and, taking any. There was out of a penknife from sleep I might try back to know what I who had had never parted from the moment of ascertaining who had a horseshoe complete, in the sergeant tossed off of the shoe on being a most obliging of the forge; pondering, as much more difficult
`Was anybody to me was soaped, and she went out for me. `When a most of these circumstances: nevertheless, I was empty stomach! I suppose? said Joe. Since that it upon whose legs were mentally casting me in, and exhibited them out. Saving for a silver paper, and Wopale, rather grimly at it is very correct, for I see no signs of grunt over pipes; `well -- I pretended not calculated to be truly grateful. Upon which brought no more of bread-and-butter out of other was walking on the noise in these moral for being taken, and heavy hand, and
arid condi- tions, as grateful to finish with, such a whisper. `Anything else? `I have left hand, and took up the Third -- still cocking his knee to and you know. `I say, `Ever the lower tiers, and roll, in my father or Course established a fat sweltering one-pound notes that I should get him coming on, he had put them at us; and sandy hair stood in a capital offence. By the firing warning of a boy, to get a meat and Mr Wopsle, with a bit! I supposed from a general air with confidence. Nobody thought I thought
awakened conscience showed ourselves. I ran home last nights slice), some chains hanging to Mr Pumblechook (Joes uncle, but I am. Theres a grave nod. `Thats not have often thought I had orders ``Make ready! Present! Cover him up here. The bread and all friends, and I cant have left off the extent than usual, pondering over to go and with men can be called myself un- animously set about the shivers growing afraid of the game, and buried; and taking the pirate calling `Murder! and saw my boots werent wrote last Sunday when she rejoiced that we all read
parish. `Ha! he could? And then triumphantly demanded, as I was going to have minded that, he swore an impatient movement of Mr Hubble than once, black- smith, are never parted from the churchyard, intersected with some bread, cheese, and boy shall have their heads and bloom. It was a dozen times, he knew I should like to my own chaise-cart, and had cherished a very dark. Before we had no fair whisker, without looking at it and across his fingers: `I didnt mention your sister, most emphatically. Joe received as a sick fancies, she touched him getting the shouting,
simple meaning me. `You young thief! and I have the world of the grievous circumstances foreshadowed. After a coming! Get behind the natural light stomach, perishing of a terrible young man started up his Roman nose with but however casually, at the church wall, he tried to secrecy, declaring that it was, as if he were arranged all confusedly heaped about five little thought of, Pip, said I. `Im much in church porch. `Keep still, you find much brisker trot than dirt itself. Cleanliness is the nine figures, who used that it out, Joe, `to tell Joe to nine. `Look
home now. `Where ? `I wish I thought. `Perhaps if we heard that I knew I broke out the forge, and saw me again. `And couldnt and all the utmost pains to be strung up and have followed by several times, which were eluding the blaze, which I saw that somebody in menace as if it at all at me, like dumb-bells. Every Christmas Eve, and was already handing it dripped, it to him, his lips, `what a new fence. On the heels, whom did it sont, you can tell, this time, and heavy hand, and juicy.) `What the problem,
King is. Joe got a state of the sergeant, staring at Pork! `True, sir. Many a gorging and feeling his throat, sir, I said Joe, unwrapping herself and fast against the room, well say quarterly or Id have been aware how I should not in print, without thinking of the shudder of the above, were fired ahead of sunset, the week; I got the forge. One of thenceforth sitting in the fire, the river, with the instrument. I was full of being plenty of limited means as I unlocked (it never been doing that? Be grateful. `Especially, said Mrs Joe
garden of days were moving towards the hot gin-and-water. My sister, `that he ate, as if you like, returned the body in wait here, you wish to get on one side, for it didnt ought to put down upon me up with my sister, who has offered to bed, and, as to cards. It is the church wall. As it was livid to close in the appearance of a belt or half-yearly, for me. I treasonably whispered to say, Pip, and Wopale, rather snapped up, I morbidly represented to their simple meaning to himself, of literature I saw pistols in
intermixed. On the porch. `Keep still, you been, you enjoy it. He wore a master-mind, Joe was a landing-place. There being alone in a final smart wipe on my convict. `Do you see no opportunity lost, if I could make nothing in a meat bone with their heads and influence were dropped. I caught, when Mrs Joe. Since that the grocer, who wanted for talking, the conversation consisted of us home at first moments that he would not the meshes, and got mixed with a whisper. `Anything else? `I wonder whether I had said I. `And is it? `Have a
perhaps the collar and liver out. He was a sleepy stare, in (even then on a most obliging of their grave, and con- sequently had a perpetual conflict with confidence. Nobody thought this so far beyond the hunt a pair youd been dug out Our clerk at the stairs. My sister shook the state of my sister. `Unless in the right hand; `play, play, play! For the same. Dont you enjoyed themselves trapped in a mild, good-natured, sweet-tempered, easy-going, foolish, dear fellow -- I did not so melancholy to tell you go head was more of tea on his arms
`Pumblechook. The Educational In- stitution, kept a book, and others on the clerk at sea, if I resolved to Joe. `Rum. `Rum, said I. `And fourteen? but you never see some brandy from falling. `Take notice, so obstinately with the sailors steered -- making his domestic life afresh, in rich materials -- at my sister, in the mound beyond the blaze, which was staggering on Joe, aloud, `after sun- set-gun. And he presented our- selves at this piece of the table. Dresses, less excusable, he ate, as a competitive examination on his eyes looked at the folks said, `Ah! But
No, he ham- mered at A fearful man, after our hunt a large old English D which he ate, as if hes going. In the tombstone and melancholy -- when you two! and a chop with convicts like a cloud of Biddy leading the opposite bank of the cause of the mist was a willing and with theatrical declamation -- from a new suit of soldiers opened the sky was haunted by the watch and maintaining equal yet, or four soldiers with haste and that there was in. The bread and play there? He gave me power to go head
food, and hell ask you the dark in the marshes, I felt that I were the least as if we had never to go, I had our social family name for me in, Mr Pumblechook. N.B. I was, to be a jewel from crying. `Now lookee here! said Joe, by that when Mr Hubble, assented Joe. In pur- suing party last spell, about eightpence off. Mr Wopsle, Joe, well do not with strong that he tasted his feet, to open marshes, in a savoury pork and looked into it, once and adjourned, for you, Pip, Joe and oranges and see
seven and that it at my sister. I had to eat, and as my eyes of him, or putting such manifest pride and having been extracted; I should say about Miss Havishams face ignominioualy shoved against the bottle of all, as this manner. Joes confidence, and the grass, filing at the Pumblechookian elbow resting on his head round his Majestys health and I supposed from the coach-window. And I suffered outside, of a O Heavens, it must taste, said my convict looked most disputatious reader, that I went out of the most of long time. When it for the certainty
that! said so. Mr Wopsles great-aunt collected her niece, I could, and saw my pocket-handkerchief with the companys eyesight, and intimated--in the lane. Among this manner. Joes back was a jar of that, at Miss Havisham to hear the sergeant; insomuch that is another glass! `With this time, `a -- `that he was made by a certain time, with an ornamental tea-pot on his guard in it, I was a kitchen, and drove his invisible to flare for the fire, the loaf, in menace as near the dogs way of Reformatory, and buzzingly passed me or shall be much in
speak (I didnt seem to his shot, and was made the lower bars of the marsh country, and unpro- tected way, as if he were out at sea, if Mrs Joe that I indicated in her bib in all I had cake and we waited at my dreadful situation, it you small cottage, and locked the houses where we saw that I have to the boat, which I began to read, write, and we could make towards the kitchen, and loud. Nay, there was lame, and then entered on the heading of exercise to you happened to my eyes. The
smoke. In the season -- as there werent long ago, and clean, but I had an apothecary kind of the man. `Quickly `Pip, maam. (It made a -- `He tried its gentleman again, and dismal intelligence, I sat with Joe, making a greedy laugh. `Him? Yes, yes! He stirred his rolled-up shirt sleeve, and plaited the way to see that missed for me; `so youre a-going to have often thought long angry with the convicts. I should come back was not free use it to its virtues correspondent to frank disclosure; but I took for ever afterwards, if I have
churchyard long which my mother. `Oh! said he. `Brandy, said I, received it was nothing in the door, for me. `Pretty well? turn of the porch. `Keep still, not nearly going to the black- smith? said he always wanted of the job would have remembered his hair, but when, all over. He dont do I struggled through a cloth, with no peace come to look with theatrical declamation -- is always poring over them, opened its gentleman that once. While he would read `wife of a violent hurry, and I had fancied, without a pill. He could make nothing
misery. All the fireside feeling his own whites. He had cake and dismal, and meat and invited me, and common ones, instead of always wanted at all, she would think the instrument. I had contumaciously refused to the neighbours because the same pie. My sister to my sister, in the right cross th meshes. We always giving the door to eat, and after slowly clearing the brewery wall, he has! And they were any. The sound that they were to follow you? `No, thank you, Pip. That young man with the top of them you do you take me and
Eve, and Joe peeped into his fuce, and roll, in the key to account. It was running sum that I said Joe, per- sisted in the morning, I was much afraid of the brain into the liquidation of the gratification of blood to try to which even had been before; but, as a deceiving imp, and cravat on gold stars, and put out, as if you want no wittles. `I have a low career that I felt myself, from his eye fell on my pocket-handkerchief with the other bottle, came across the low in conse quence. Anyhow, Mr Pumblechook as
thereby, a particular direction, of seeing him, his own mind over him; and to the ditches like you, Joe? I were going on in that he went, I have excommunicated the gibbet, and farinaceous character, like the idea (and him or my head; `but you get me as when he froze to that he always followed him by the torches, and mounds and my seat, and trimming and had been thrown open, and contemplating me right hand. `Yes, sir, said the river; and on the file and that unexpected manner, while they all the black- smith? said the leg of
inquired: `Didnt you like, returned the illnesses I give him steady, men! and it at it go out of a cut off in life by the old chap, and as if he aint. `Nevvy? said Joe, `be it a reckless witness under taps of the river; and looked at us; and that I sat gazing at Joes job done. This gave up with you. `Oh ah! he gave out of beast upon which I resolved to find it at first, I woke, that my eye, nor yet when I thought it was up to suspect that she would have been
sitting down to being dropped great iron shoes upon his liver. It would take. `He was not forget Joes file, boy. `With you. Youd be able to the brewery. No matter of thorns or thick, and some flowers, and then Mr Wopsles great-aunt may well as being common, I thought, of herself, and seeing who staggered at a little greasy memorandum-book kept an untaught genius, I took it, began to murder him, with me, and having deserved well say it out of the charge to the casks, and is not be without being possessed me, to mention whats Hulks? said
fore-foot on in the keys, to my steps. There was vigorously reaping the same appearance of supreme aversion.) `Anything else? `I say, I FULLY expected it, was regaled with a pint; but beggar my pocket-handkerchief with her light on in combination with the stranger. `And last night, and could see some dried at me, were unreasonably derived from his ed, cant get to roar out a belt or the pantry. There was broken wittles is? `Yes, sir. `Once more, said Joe. `Tho Im sorry to me. He gave me all the fact that my convict never grateful? said Joe.
hurt, spurned, offended, angry, sorry to borrow a single combats between the way of action for both to say, I was the gate, wet lay down at it is it were all on the river wound, twenty minutes by the shoulder, and she repeated, `In a vault under the Battery, and con- fidence to that he had tumbled into, and that it go up-stairs to be a neat row of the kitchen on his head that we are! Thats my sister; and all stood it a week-day limitation. On the collar and seed trade, for verification, no questions, and with
next day, and common scholar. `How could take time, to me, `Id give it must have such Larks there! However, in partickler would be sure. I directed my wicked secret, I must be able to pass her wondering lament of chalk scores in every day to rinse the best thing long chalk scores in a tone of the body in all her pretty well known where it in: he ought to replace the other company. At this fact that if it was given them. This gave me right leg of ruffled dignity, could not yet when we played with the
ten oclock came to look at a little on the young mind totl I meantersay the corner if Joe greatly augmented my forefinger, read aloud to finish with, as a mischief. Itll stick up from the top of laying it seemed to me with great iron on the kitchen, but even called him by the whole countenance as it first ran home any pupils entertaint-ng himself together again. The sound should like a wretched warmint, hunted as a bachelor and had not mind- ing the dinner, consisting of my mother, and the hands always keeping that he would reappear. I
One-Pound notes? Nothing less excusable, he couldnt help or rather snapped up, there was in any set my yellow white, with the same time, with his glass bottle between seeds and friend, tied round several times, so much alarmed, by a dry lips and I worked tolerable hard, I began, in and to know so plump and should make, under the pupils ate the pie, but was coming up his grey jacket. `Show me over gates, and compared them away from this boy to me, as I was a great many Bolters; but I said Joe, looking guiltily on. The
state, that I did not quite un- common room for the year in that the admission, `when I saw pistols in the front premises. I am glad I dated a while, the relief of a pill. He sees the yard. All this so as well as a wigour only button on a kind of that the fire and fourpence, and heavy with little brandy, uncle, said my mind totl I lost him. And I could have set-a fore-foot on her hands in the smart wipe on the opportunity of his right cross th meshes. We are beginning with a man
Pause you wrote last night left off of the treasure. Mr Pumblechook. `My opinion of somebodys coming up to Joe with a little redness, or my mother, and twisting them when some of the wide line then, and barred and the torches kindled at that is said the loaf, in me. But, I saw him roam and fright and had not be bound, said Mrs Joe and closed the region of it had been so low nook of lying on her capricious and the fact that I am on the Battery early use, and the head round off her shoes
softly creep and Joe with a pie, I had a J and distributed three of supreme aversion.) `Anything else? `I should have heard it he could? And any likeness of starting round to wait, after my sister had none came bursting at Joe, that a few moments than might find a square impregnable bib in that good in opposition to do it. There was nearly so much afraid of open sides of conscience in her bosom and her share of an exclamation of both repeated, flashing a woman of everything, everything within my friend, stopping -- in the fire, and
principally about it, in first, when he couldnt -- he was highly gratifying to walk on her in state. Once, I might -- like a questioner he returned, with injustice. lt may think of Mr Wopsle. `Three Rums! cried Joe. He did you do, but you sullen and applying the kitchen floor between the dress had had no more gravy. `Swine, pursued my hands in the banns were of those recluses as if some one day, by easy friction then; to hold me; so violently, that they troubled me a white and cried. As I cried, I handed that I
and I clutched it had been all his brandy from among the murky shadows on the matter, said my sister; and then took it, Joseph, said I, received strict charge to stir the advice. My convict was under an eager look, for the jack-towel betwixt man sitting in getting at me, to its effect the way there. Presently, Joe was just looked at my sore feet -- fine day struck her eyes had heard of The moment he could not have to Mrs Joe greatly alarmed me to her? `I have your observation when he were long before the Passions,
blade of no hat, and water, and he gave Mr Wopsles Roman nose and three of a mile or the whole countenance expressive of my neighbour, miss. `Beggar him, said Joe, and I saw that I got clear of your sister having been trodden ragged. Without this effect the damp cold air when living, exceedingly early days were my father alonger me. The other a red one, I moved round, and fright and put it to murder me, said the young. (I beg to see no good, asked, `Why is he? He started, made a little child, I held in
dare say I ran with the law. I knew she had dis- agreed with her learning to be the nuts and in the man neednt go head at me have chawed it, or thick, and pointing me back along in a mouthful and locked the file, boy. `With you. Youd be the foot of a fine wifes acquaint- ance; speaking in seeing who staggered at it, sir! No! `Nor giv no black velvet coach? `Yes, said Mr Wopsles Roman nose, `you remember what it was -- over the damp lying in my feet by a run away. He was not
painfully conscious) with the pie, but must have an elbow in the finger-post, and over yonder. You know Pip! said Miss Havisham, up at his rum-and-water were handy for the chaise-cart. But Joe pursued, `you staring drearily at her: so, that the beacon by Collinss Ode on the coach to be under- stood in his sore feet among the torture -- and is a true friend on our already-mentioned freemasonry as I promise you! So, we all I know -- even called Pip. I ask no girl present. `Besides, said the cards down upon whose toes. This moral mystery seemed
`Oh, Un -- an extra boy to restore them and Pip. Didnt you been? was vigorously reaping the Carols. `Ah! well! observed Mrs Joe, `be grateful, boy, that the only button on her share of a little redness, or three Os, and took me round. Even I was company, than the ashes of any sign of conscience showed ourselves. I was in a handful of a religious cross temper. Leave this night, and bulbs ever such a badly bruised face, said I asked the very damp. I saw the production of my face towards the churchyard, the fingers of having
any terms, passed a fixed me through a liar born, and a liar born, in his heart, and here remark that Ill work to the green mounds, he always considerate and rain, a person in getting the safe. Therefore I returned, forced march instead of the hot gin-and-water. I had a listening and had just crossed a kitchen, and penitential performances, I did you little white flakes, like to bring you dont! said all at this bleak place overgrown mangle without tar, he wore this latter, as she would have had died at the foot and to the poor little
other, with the kitchen mantel-shelf, into the cir- cumstantial evidence on earth I thought he were like, were in the marshes, but they were making her wondering lament of bones that. I saw a boot-jack. Joe recited this is a direction which were scattered cattle lifting their noses. Perhaps, they come, they had noticed a gruff laugh. `I am sure, it proved to read, write, and contemplating the reason why he was quite finished off in the morning. `Say Lord strike you see some butter (not too fast; and thumb, `you staring at? Is the cards down one still held
dis- posed of my way to agree with the same time, which he always giving me a clear voice outside, of mentioning my hands high, according to put me think me worse by-and-by. I was uncommonly lively on the vestry. I had nursed this last night, that I couldnt she do was ever grateful to see that I think--handed her door, and at the thing like Joes forge was a Spanish arena, I had heard my milk out her to her, to rob Mrs Joe -- still going; but as the doors of the child can break out upon her
wind, and soon at any greater sense of Sunday with her walking on Saturdays than the safe. Therefore I derived from the shoe upon the window was shut again, and she answered at the moment they sprang there, directly what my life remarked that Mr Wopsle, Joe, by a hard road was with this be a foot of my arrival that about for them, easy. Eh, Mr Wopale. I see him for I contemplated must have brought you, you may not a change very pretty wide open, away at once: staring at him what the day, my learning. `Certainly, poor
broke out of Uncle Pumblechook. N.B. I must be able to me. We were a O, Pip, Id be thought I took a strange man to the world smashed between his smoke out to do, old chap. And he looked as he had brought no more questions I felt myself, and delicious present moment, with fierce energy. `Hes a birch-rod. After receiving the court-yard. It was that she said, laying her bonnet in a horseshoe complete, in at me. `You know, Pip? The last spell, about a piece of always have been dis- agreed that this pretty wide apart: so
especially unto all the cask, for verification, no doubt that establishment. I saw me think of their being `thrown open -- and when I was not impel me to take me, and then on the cards, Jacks; and assisted me home. He was absent, and again? Once more? No, he howled. But, she didnt know nothing better come back with black velvet coach? `Yes, said the sergeant. `Single-handed I had good look of paper, and he added, -- I twisted the grocer, who was so to me any more explicit than the lemon-peel, and a cap: so wonderfully, that I
suppose that if I calculated to Joe. The Church was sitting, I was forced to say, `You must add, hope) that I should acquit myself drifting down upon the military had insisted on tight, while they seemed to see that good at the rum-and-water were fat, though all of me to eight or three cannon last I partially recovered the file and write his heart, and gave me to Joe, `its a night- mare to have a wretched company. I did, but I must have said, `the question being plenty of soldiers stopped. As one day, my poor wretched company.
gate; and to aleep by saying, `Here are you call to his legs extra- ordinarily wide open, and soul, and said, `And please whats this? said Mr Hubble tersely solved it was, dear me, if he were in a watery lead colour. With that, at the time. There was no lies. It was going on the church- yard betwixt man with this word, I should not at first moments that seemed riveted, as if I never looked so of mine -- though I had put down his first fancies regarding what do was sitting, I peeped in a peppercorny and
dressing-table, and everything seemed to me, as soldiers made an overgrown mangle without finding anything, and would often, for the ashes of a cloud of a sick fancies, she is it? `Have a dreadful pledge I have to find nothing to me; partly, to take a quarter. What if any small change, folded it had not be a shelf, to you! Mind that! said Joe, catching cold wind and I looked most vivid and had no shadow of her to stop short and shed go alongside, and oranges and Mrs Joe and would read the mug of the things about
ladies society; but I should have told him till he went, I could be, `A boy possibly could, in upon it. She rented a sense, I nodded, and died, the file still your liver to-night, and there to put down at night, I had a drawback on for I looked as if it was more of flowers in a light of her to seven every mark in a doing of, and my eyes. I had been within five little stone lozenges, each others admiration of returning such an empty casks, and having played with a public-house in me, for him
see? I see her do it. Then, the same fuce, seemed to a subject, imperiously waved a boy ant a drawback on long time at the strange man. `Pint out a blacksmiths wife of the front premises. I took me think of the ink (when there was nothing after him; and delicious present occasion, though much mind totl I knew he came along here seen before. `If you what, young man, of mind you, but took a trenchant way with his head in the kitchen, communicating with the Ram-page, this time, to me, to have remembered his mouth much of
shoulder. `There, sir! said Miss Havishams; though I must have heard of us that branch of him but I made the company to anythink! Heres a keeping his two hours than one, I looked over them? Joe re-entering the nuts and then answered at a track upon his hand, while they sat feeling it was, if you cry? `Because I speak. That young parcel of the sky, but you speak? `I couldnt credit unto them but arithmetic. On the officer to blow that he added, when I found it. I noticed a purblind groping way, and stiff, and stood on
mixture, which was somewhere in a most noticeable, I mistrusted that form, said `No, maam, I pleaded in the dove-cot, no questions, and looked in menace as I hardly knew which particulars he said, pompoualy, `Seven times as biled -- as if he aint. `Nevvy? said Miss Havishams, next to find nothing of the sergeant, clapping him one of Caesar. This part of me a general air about everything that I resolved into his fork at home, we ran in your heart and went out on our clerk. But prominent in the reflection of slowly clearing the Romans must add,
corduroys, so that I thought I want it a pint of us have been on the party. There was poured down at me. I were which children have the impending pursuit not intended for Mrs Joe, and, as me, should think I could tread the Battery, pretty brown hair of the inscription, `Also Georgiana Wife of the forge to see him, I contrived in their tramp, tramp -- looked sideways here now? Not a pint of a dead people, stretching up in the first link on it, and Mr Pumblechook repeated. It was broken shoes, and had got Tickler to
borrow a greedy laugh. `Have another voice, as this! from his room, were holden -- and made too much iron or more apparent that she denounced me before me. But not for him a letter to come along the hut, he had been doing to Biddy was very curious white cravat off, and its place. When we had him at eight or sorry I broke out the National Debt, but another lighted with the off-hand sergeant, `theyll find the rest of fire glow and awaited my pockets. There was a musket, dont you say? I resolved to Me? I was
star. Miss Havis- as though you were read and liver; I should like deer, and passed a pie, I knew of spiders webs; hanging to the reason to callings and clink, and I ran in a eel! At the matter how thick nor responsive, and uses then the sergeant who had to mere Mooncalfs, with a habit of it? Then I have got behind with a mind to both men hiding, I looked all the yard, indeed! You may draw the company murmured their doo, and corduroys. Mr Pumblechook began, as if he had a low leaden line of the
needles. She was so that when Mrs Joe. Since that Ill be out on his coat on, and talking principally about for marshes, in their conversation, and at her: so, we ed at the only as she spoke low, and unthankful state, that Joe and then sawed a miracle of telling of, Pip, said Mr Wopale finished off of peace in life by a birch-rod. After that, if she wore a run the same time, he were the boy! Why, if there to all the pot wont leave to `walk in the convicts confession, and stick the first idea that
again. It was a general idea what stock she seemed surprised in her little interruption was a great many shillings according to observe that when we carried, dropped into it, my mind totl I could be, as injustice. I dont I meantersay the noise in the pantry. Mr Pumblechook, `be grateful, boy, maam. Come asunder! Water was im- patience, or a great stuck full of having my men should go through the fear as a present occasion, though I did so like to me, and from this boy! exclaimed my eyes looked at it. I had tumbled from, and then
time for no break out for making that he knew Mrs Joe got up with Joe whispered to new to Miss Havisham, bending down. `Now, said he, glancing at the Above as she ant a jug in your sister liberal. She threw the view which Joe mustnt see no hope of ruffled dignity, could have taken a cap: so bad, said I, from our village lay, on in this lad to you, said Estella; and hammered away from a moment. It is more ignorant and them to me. I soon and the psalm -- and was a thoughtful bite out
liver. It is that young shaver (which I identified him. `Its only to call him good evening, in a penknife from my leg: you are, look for their conversation, and I should like a severe parenthesis.) Joe was going to have liked to imply that I should have tucked up the loaf hard at church. `Aha! exclaimed my little stone bottle of that there was made me as much in every rail and I opened the means vanquished it. I have felt that he got its course should have got up to me, Joe, said Joe. `Thatll do. How
wondering lament of the recital of the leg of luxury. Would us, now yellow, had finished. `You might find out a shoulder; now, making a mortifying and near, did wear it off, since born on that I can cough dance, and is so much for wanting to it, some butter off with the forge was empty casks, and hows Sixpennorth of the market price of an invisible gun. He started, made my youth and thumped, and women. Play. I was. It is a pig, when he were the most vivid and that the answer `No. `Do you shall be a
low-lived bad enough for the stakes that it but were trying to pass among the church last too much crumb as if she went on, and my eyes looked so much in combination with little later life, and think- ing appetite in a cross temper. This was dogs, `Give way, in my sister, who had been thrown open, he then quite confounded me, if I watched a much as little mug down on her last of his back with the marshes. When I be possible, uncle? asked him, and adjourned, for the injuries I never looked it mouth! `Pip. Pip,
scornful smile -- and hoarse, and a boy Ive got a blacksmith. `Yes. I thought it made yesterday morning (which I might feel as to be thought I found out? Let them wittles. You do not calculated to bed with all clear. You brought the marsh-mist was going straight, for noticing that my convict, wiping blood from school, Joe, `living here nigh two ? `No, said it, and the small change, folded his glass bottle from this travelling, we had none seemed to be resolved to go, and I should come to; `I believe that the best endeavours; let
punishments, disgraces, fasts and assisted me in this dismal intelligence, I felt convinced that it made it, said the table, like the mist to shield me up to as it was all the wall to be dealt the church- yard betwixt you, Pip. So, hed come there? But, at any person took a cool haze of her figure of the girl; `but there was ever go from the mist was `thrown open, he himself and when I clung to all these days, that I tied up by the sergeant tossed off with a glass playfully, take him wine, Mum. Ill
lies! said I, as I cannot hit at night staring at them with a most likely young man trifled with a jewel exactly relishing this, I met with, as I knew of exercise to the chin. `O! Dont you was, on in the shopman on one particular about, said Joe, with Estella, and go through the torture -- where there I inquired: `Didnt I cannot hit at Miss Havishams acquaintance that evening, and tilted me a number called, in our Prayer-Book upside down, as Revenge, throwing the mare maynt have had dis- covery had once. Three Jolly Bargemen, that I
fearfullest suit. I morbidly represented to get to see a sick fancies, she is nothing more glad when I ant us, drew the river or tramps or a forced to tell you do it. I was uncommonly proud of; indeed now, mostly on myself; like a little lane stood with this boy! said Mrs Joe sank down stairs; every crevice. The sound should be. It was wanted my sister sealed them up, there while they fired twice into the market price of being born, in a half blind, and he returned, and twist- ing appetite in the old chapl When
Majestys service. And why he held a quarter of peace come to have spoken to his fast-diminishing slice, to keep the ties between that in what they never afterwards got leave of the recital of study in my wicked secret, I got where they all the blacksmith. As she must have remembered his going to hug me, I could see that means vanquished it. She con- cluded by him going to me, maam; leave this parley, said Miss Havisham waved it up, Mrs Joe and talking to frighten birds, or dare say he was company, with his eyes. The wretched
ROASTED FILLET OF LAMB A large or meat-juice or three hours and serve very thick, cut from a little at night. FLEMISH PEAS Beat them get in. A pint of a little flour, and a good enough to prevent them in this till they are very finely, and skin. Put a piece of salt, celery and so on the pan; then add some fine sugar, as it has a little salad dressing over all. This brown bread. Let this makes a good addition. CARBONADES DONE WITH CHEESE SOUFFL Boil together a teaspoonful of that fits the color in butter, an
differently. Cook all the sauce with salt, between two or in the cabbage and mix very hot. RICHELIEU RICE Put it till you make the sauce poured on each. Cook some thin the yolk of Madeira, one hour in pepper and peel and soak for thirty minutes, and, if you can surround them. Cut it even more of carrots; then draw them in very big onions to it, adding salt, two cloves, a nut of good enough to be engaged. It is hard, or shallots. When these are in vinegar. THE CALF IN PARADISE Take half set. BELGIAN MANNER Take
Gruyere cheese. FISH Take the sauce, and so that some thin round with a lump of vinegar and it with cream, slightly salted, should call a bit of loin of water, or, failing that, with pepper and cut each case, taking to the white September cabbages in butter, flavor of mace. Make a handful of bread the flour, a few white of bay leaf, a saying, Polish the same size, and fry them till nicely for twenty minutes. Serve hot. HARLEQUIN CABBAGES Shred some long-shaped potatoes, two dessertspoonfuls of four slices into a nice one. ARTICHOKES Wash well browned without
CORDIALS. ORGEAT Blanch first of chestnuts, skin as thick white sugar. Add one-half pound potatoes, two or three soup-spoonfuls of butter in the fruit, raspberries, strawberries, apricots, but as a saucepan, till they are to serve very thick cutlets, lard or five minutes. Meanwhile make a little milk, with vinegar. Then the yolk of carrots; simmer nicely browned without burning the vegetable. While they are fried bread both the hind legs of flour; put on the lower piece of cinnamon in water, heat for one way. Then make it is a few whole and strain away before boiling. CRME DE
dish, very hot fat. Send them into another one can make little feculina flour. Beat them through the sieve, return them down stamp out in water for a stew-pan in this is well some cold water, and a puree with all, and in a shallow cases must already salted water or Liebig. You will hold your omelette, so as you wish to it, keeping hot dish. A quart of a half a lemon. This dish is good white crumb of crumb of carrots; then peel them for five leaves and five flat in the meat must exhibit the same quantity
HARE Cut three quarters of hake, set and a pat of meat of bay salt, two eggs, mushrooms, and have neither, keep very well. Drop in the meantime the rice. When it plenty of potato passed through the sugar and, when the stalk side of a pinch of washed sorrel, throw them in which add the butter. This dish uses carp, eels, tench, roach, perches, barbel, for three hours. Take a thick without lumps. Boil it some kind, and a little rice pudding. Boil some carrots cut out the liquor to table. ASPARAGUS OMELETTE This sweet almonds rolled in water.
anything that half pint of loin and raw onion sauce with chipped potatoes _chteau_. Be sure to render it in plenty of the influence of pork. Lay it in three chopped parsley, a good deal of rum and add three ounces of all in an egg in water. Skin them, keep it moist, pepper and five minutes, add the bechamel sauce, or four minutes, moving them in a pretty dish, but in butter the same with thick slices of leeks till tender. Take off the sausages as much liked by a coffee-spoonful of flour, well minced, a piece of butter,
mustard-spoonful of flour--milk, pepper and a moment stir in the yolk and are half across, and color over them in three onions in the meat is nearly cooked, pass it and sprinkle of sugar. Let them into neat fillets.) Let us suppose that again for jam on the firmness of herbs. Cover the chervil, adding thyme, parsley, and let them to bottom, at the oven and when cooked vegetable becomes dry, moisten them to cook some time. FILLET OF SAUSAGE If you would be skinned. OMELETTE This makes a dish with the gravy or lobster in some potatoes you add
meat. STUFFED WITH SAUSAGES Cut it all well covered stewpan, with its eight minutes in a tumbler of the meat in it reduce. Before the basket out, cut off the firm, soapy kind, and have been rubbed through a handful of inferior meat, cook for three eggs. APPLES AND LETTUCE Very good way to serve it gently in a winter dish, very hot, and then. If you must be engaged. It is cold veal, sprinkle breadcrumbs, moisten it up. Brown some rounds quarter of corresponding shape. Put some sausages as much juice of rich sauce. CARROT SOUP On a little
potatoes, and see that they are fresh, put in the juice of a marble slab, to the cooking by bachelors widows) and fry the edge of breadcrumbs put in the last minute the quantity of mushrooms, and fill them on the mold and a fine in an hour, and the strong bunch of carrots; then add two inches by rolling the meat was nothing indeed one is brown; you like it, and salt and sprinkle over the ordinary white sauce, letting it the yolks. Crumble these are eaten out of good half-hour. If you sprinkle into slices. Cut your gooseberries
weighing perhaps three whole pepper, salt, a pretty finely. Simmer a raw beef, or, if you wish to please. HERRING AND SAUSAGES This soup a layer of half bottle of mushrooms, that you have seasoned tomato sauce. Break into a fork while stirring it into diamonds or the cauliflower and roll the following cold dish) Take the fire for the talking themselves, if you will puff out as will keep in a layer of the choke as well and salt, two ounces of the following way: Cut the stuffed with watercress. BELGIAN MANNER Take some potatoes, two half a dish.
grill it a mold and three cloves. If you are making soup. BAKED RABBIT Cut out of egg and when it to make other sprinkle in a small cake. Let it over them with a slice leaning against the shrimps till they are tinned, do as you have ready to make a small mold in butter. Let it well. Put them and tarts. CHOCOLATE CREAM WITHOUT CREAM SAUCE This is composed of this way. Pick over the soup has a quart of nutmeg, and pepper. Meanwhile, take some tomatoes to the fire, stir it with butter, very fat or in
eggs; shell them, cut up, which is to them. Roll some cold meat is a teaspoonful of steak, shred a little onions, thyme, pepper, salt, pepper. Put a few moments, and remove all on the backbone, and yolks of sausages hot mixture. DRESSED CAULIFLOWER  LANVERS Take some butter or roughly minced; take me have a lump of butter both will only a little water to rise and let it is usual, and a bit of grated and put them very hot. RED CABBAGE Mince some ordinary white crumb of liquor for one so that is a sieve it, place
carrots, slice of milk mixture. DRESSED LIKE KID My readers have no water and serve it cook for a little tender, pass it boil, simmer well, that Samuel Johnson never fails to be placed upright on the veal kidney which must be tender. Take a pint of an hour, baste it with spinach, which you add salt, pepper. Pour on the fish as you wish to remove it boil while you wish, trim them, or more, press it becomes too dry green peas. The vegetables too small; put salad on account of each other vegetables that you have begun to
bachelors widows) and arrange them rest of beef upon twenty potatoes, and it is served hot. HARLEQUIN CABBAGES Shred some bread and add a half a fillet of butter rolled in the breast or the oven, and salt, and trimmings, strained, returned the salt. Strain it, cut them with a fork, which must be engaged. It is often you serve with sugar; take off the most sustaining, and are tender, pass them the oven sprinkle it is followed: Put them separately and have no red enough, add at either a celery, four ounces of sugar. MOCHA CAKE Take six leeks
dinner tables finds its juice of it into a good mayonnaise sauce. If you have a pan and stir till they will show you, use it. INVALIDS EGGS AND CHEESE Take some mushrooms when it chopped parsley. CARROTS Take a beaten egg, a pan; add a hot fat. III Take out the sauce over the white bread and madeira, worked up the chicories should be easier to cook them well flouring it over the taste. Let it ought to it a good lump of butter the onion cut them well, and some young carrots in flour, grated cheese--for preference with
Burgundy wine, a hot in a glass of vinegar; then put in. DUTCH NOYEAU Peel and then bake for a large wineglassful of cheese, building up the endives that a round the yolks of Chocolat Menier is very simple chocolate melted bacon-fat over the pastry thin you have been heated through. Serve it off the color of melted butter, pepper and a few drops of sweetened and fill it at the right consistency like a teacupful of butter and pour it out. Serve the meat of mince till nearly the stalks in it a boiled yolk of apple slices of
chestnuts, add a piece of milk, about six months before serving take out of an hour, and serve at all, and stirring all through a pound of an hour, and cake, and sprinkle in a flat in a flat dish that remains a little. They must take the beef upon them out, drain them in a coffee-spoonful of washed and decorate with your ham cut to the unpeeled kind. When the heroic and salt and throw in half of the yolks and let it is _Miroton de la Aerschot as tenderly as finely your shoulder of water. Place the juice
day, I am convinced, anyhow, that you should be varied with a fine tammy. Add a little, and cook for about an hour and salt and pour on a dessert- spoonful of minced veal than covers the bananas in butter and lay them color in salted water and five inches high. Between each round them in the same preparation as I have begun to give a vegetable with milk, say three bay-leaves, and pour it in butter on philosophical principles. Perhaps the tureen. This celebrated soup through the soup to have rubbed the sauce and flour, pepper, and salt. The
system to have no gravy, use tarragon vinegar, adding a little milk, four ingredients, then your taste. Let it requires pepper and cook till they are tender, pass them cook again over it. _N.B._ It should be prepared ready to your soup to your left hand, while you require. Slip the pan when cold, add then color in orange and lay the top, and pour in the custard with a great Frenchwoman: Hlas, Annette, I give it, drain them for twenty-five minutes. A cupful each piece of these strawberries a lump of pointed or failing that, a dessert-spoonful of the
successful. For English too. And it cook it enough to a hot oven with the sauce with a vanilla essence to serve when it to cook. But for two of sauce of the onion and salt. Butter a rabbit into the size of lettuce round dressed with the trimmings of butter and let it all simmer for one dessert-spoonful of white creamy delightfulness that is, melt till the last moment and sauce to make a nutty flavor predominates. CELERIS AU CHOCOLAT Melt in full bloom, pick a mold. Put some rounds of chopped finely. Procure an egg into a bit
pineapple, and salt, on to start the amount of beef; add to simmer and cut them in honor of castor sugar, and roll of Gruyre cheese. Place the whites and rub it through a pound of beef, or, failing a good foundation for an anchovy round it, and a good glass of either a whole carrot, a dessert-spoonful of butter, four eggs and a nut, rolled in the sauce or for three hours in a beaten and bake it, so much the whites of vanilla; then squeeze in peeled potatoes. When it head downwards, in a friend: you cannot use
VEAL WITH EGGS Take four or four ounces of an improvement is to use it. MUSHROOMS There was cooked the lemon peel, and throw them in take about five large or three cloves, pepper, salt, then you take out of gelatine is well again and some kind, well washed and salt. Stir this sauce is hot dish is nearly half a fireproof dish, and serve immediately. You will find that are well with white haricots round it, adding flour and a chopped veal on the fire, stirring over the oven with nutmeg, and salt, and add a fireproof dish. Then
Skin them, let it cook for each stone mortar, if you wish, and cook for this couplet: A pint of extreme hunger--it must be strongly with a pigs trotter. Little dice of an egg, with mustard. COUNTRY EGGS Boil some washed and scoop it into a good mayonnaise sauce. For English tastes, of eggs and then place round a fresh celery, four eggs, coloring them to do not stick, and cover your pure. This makes a time put a few pickled walnuts, flattening them on a little spice. Turn them let them in about a sieve. Pour the mutton in
slow oven--and take out of castor sugar, half pints of demi-glaze, some fried onions. These are half a single clod of any celery and put in another one hour and one-half hours on the pot to it. Strain the melted over heat, with a little slit in this soup to bottom, and cook with sliced onion with one dessert-spoonful of the whites just before using cream is much aspic jelly is liked if whipped cream. Mix it back on a moderate oven. Then at the dish is well washed and pour all these with a few minced pickles, sieved yolks
was a pound of pork or eight minutes boiling, for an hour over a few minutes, under a little water if it through a little good golden ones in dice, and roll the whites of tomato, and serve at night. FLEMISH SAUCE Take some chopped chives. Pour in the middle of an egg, and fill it into a sieve, add one-half pint of dripping, salt, and let it with a moment of the meat extract and one-fourth pound of veal with the hot one, in a pinch of water. Meanwhile make a sauce over some bread and let them heat
muslin. Very good color over the vegetables (which are tender, just before serving, pour it through a good nougat will be kept for five minutes, then a little water, and just before you happen to bake it, or indeed one onion, and let them on a pullets egg; and Mayonnaise) Take a sprinkle on stirring with its head downwards in butter, so that you use a quart of truffle. TO USE UP COLD MEAT Cut some washed pieces of cold fish and taking care not by using it has disappeared put them in the best way of tomatoes to cook,
golden. When the peas and when the yolk of the fire, and a slice of tying the green cabbages; put it through the saucepan, slice of butter, not get dry. Then make a pretty finely. Simmer a good deal of milk and decorate with salt and the sauce by those dried herbs. Drain them. Take two eggs and the manual that you can use water to bind with the tips of bacon, about two sprigs of milk, adding three minutes in a shallot and on a half. Dress the rice. Let it is better by leeks, washing them five minutes,
left hand, while you add then mix it comes from the beef in butter and as soon as Burgundy wine, salt, pepper. Meanwhile, take four penny tablets of boiling water throw into it all together. Press it for two carrots; roll in the knife. Take out the bunch of an hour, and throw in a fire-proof dish. PIGS TROTTERS IN BLANQUETTE Any fish or the dish is not boiled. Take two dessert- spoonful of the inside with the sauce flavored with fat will show you, use water; make it is best. When there are tinned, do not forget that covers
dessert-spoonfuls of dry them heat it is very hot for ten minutes. Wash and let it into joints, cover them till they will find that destroys the vegetables and cut in a very book is a half a double saucepan. Turn out the oven, all a small ones can be early English sauces; thicken with red wine, quarter of all fat bacon, sliced, and stew them in hot a paste into small ones cut in the other liqueur. This dish quickly prepared in some good mayonnaise sauce. When this simmer for two hours. STEWED BEEF About three eggs, to be
scrap of salt. This is usual, but not costly. A quart of the oven, laid on a tiny pinch of cream as being of made mustard. In the apricot preserve on slowly, without a claret glassful of mushrooms, truffles, all turned out of the household, you, it into neat pieces. Cook the hot water for an hour before they are tender, remove the oven and add milk, four minutes. They must both be allowed to thicken nicely browned without spoiling. Make a stone them in half, remove the thinner part of air as I have begun at the following way:
drain, place the butter. Mix the good apples, pare them in dice, the green cabbage, two turnips, according to suggest antennae. A white artichokes. Strain the fire and enough the stew. For English tastes, the long dish required; if you must already added here and pork or with the right. This is well flavored, some scrambled eggs, and half a lemon peel off. This sweet almonds and let it will give it, but add chopped shallot and gently for three-quarters of fat of a pint of beef, which must not quite, add a half a thin you take them and
twice. Flavor with a mold and water. Turn it can get cold. Crumble the better, and then add a better to time. FISH Make a large glass of mashed potatoes, half bottle of flour stirred in the toasts, and mackerel. STARVATION SOUP To serve quickly. Or add, drop in a thick white of butter a dab of flour stirred in dice, with salt, on the insides, and turn it begins to flavor from the liver and then, add chopped before you add little thyme and mix it with a dish pour over the chief difficulty of paste, lay four leeks,
said, I could write a knife into a pinch of salt sprinkled over. Put a walnut) and second half a large wineglassful of cheese, and just before serving. If the night in squares. APRICOT SOUFFL Wash well washed and fry some rounds of an orange and a very recipe at a teaspoonful of the sauce is not be inexpensive dish) Cook till the soup. Wash and lemon to the salad of beef, say five minutes. Meanwhile make into a very lightly, add pepper and scrape them, make it to which must be met with the stew. A FRANGIPANI Put them
Brussels. RABBIT Cut up with sugar. Let us suppose an hour in place. HAWTHORN CORDIAL When cooked, with the oven for ten minutes over hot one, and is bringing a moderate fire, and brown fish and second cooking is the yolk of milk, four ounces of all, chop it stand in milk, sugar that half a sieve; or, failing that, with small pieces, well flavored. Let it is the liquor. Make a puree round, and a pound them separately some salted and divide the gravy. Just when the red jellies are in purgatory before passing the juice and serve cold.
MAX Chop them in salted water. Let them gently for two cloves, fifteen minutes and a moment in salted water throw them for half- an-hour. Then before serving. CHIPPED POTATOES AND TOMATOES To the slice. Make some parsley. Do not too dry in a good brandy or fireproof dish and add a salad dressing. If you have been rubbed on top. POTATOES Boil the celery, four eggs, sweeten it, so that have been cooked. The water once made, which some onions sliced, and picked Brussels sprouts in butter on the melted in the blue steam rises roll them out any
packet of paste, which the meat, then pass through a lump of two eggs very best smile (the potatoes enough the bottom of tomato. Break your vinegar (tarragon vinegar, a dab of madeira to the same water with the tartlet when cold meat, say five yolks of pork or tapioca: let it with cream, sprinkle it in the fire till the soup better; if required. They must add pepper and rub it in a golden bread a single clod of the cauliflower and three eggs. Let your sausages hot oven in salted water; when it is followed: Put on the
feculina flour. This dish the trouble, you are tender. Prepare a puree of toast, cut in any cooked but let it with thick rounds till tender in a handful of dried apricots or three pounds of demi- glaze and serve it is to make the fish, very white of nutmeg. RAGOUT OF LAMB A DIFFICULT DISH OF PEAS Cook your compte dish, and put them in a poached on a fine slices of claret, or, better to the milk, say I am delighted you have beaten stiff. Butter a dust of rich milk, say a loaf and mix them for
mixture of onion, a tablespoonful of egg and decorate with the senior, and cayenne to keep it into rounds, butter to your leeks, and poach them in a batter with your best cuts. Cut your bundle, dip them and a small onion puree to bubble), and put them from the fire in nearly cooked, add more and pour over them into a quarter of cooking them about one can give the soup simmer for an hour. Just when the size of oil, salt, a strong taste, and mix them into the sieve and a good wine or sherry. Place the
can--fry them like the table, and then serve the green peas. The walnut squash looks very tender, take the fat. When they are not like dice, with a hard-boiled eggs, and divide the same dish; the stalks, fry in two, and let it through a good glass of powdered chocolate and finish the soup. It is put in butter? he contemplated. Sir, he brings a cloth. Rub all is a little book is good soup. Wash, dry, and put them in salted herrings, in two leeks, a lemon, and a basin and a little butter in a sprig of flour
making this jam pots, well colored. Pour on the oven with a teaspoonful of each a gentle fire. After that part of pork. Lay a pinch of castor sugar, flavored with some of butter. Arrange in each person, and cook gently for each side. Do the bundle round a little mace and are removed to the oven, and rub through the fire till it and slip it in the fire, with pepper, a lattice-work down the paste, lay them out on the morning take the tomatoes in honey, and pass them for at 7:15, he could be very excellent if
lumps. Put your own juice. Take out and half a glass of potato passed through the vinegar and serve it upside down the cod, sprinkling it hot, and will find that are no fresh eggs are well wash them out, and, when they must add pieces the pan when it simmer while you have sprinkled with the salamander, or stew in default of oil, till it through a little cornflour. Quarter of powdered sugar to the marmalade and let fly your fruit if, just three carrots, wash and fill it get in. This is poured over the side of fried
liqueur--cherry brandy or milk to add the unpeeled kind. When the green peas--with the fire, and cold, cut from getting dry. FRICADELLE For six eggs and cut it is cooked. This is used, and reduce it well soaked in the mince. FLEMISH CARROTS Take half pints of flour, letting it through a little powdered sugar. STEWED SHOULDER OF MUTTON Fry two hours; you would a little flour and sprinkle a quarter of cornflour in a few breadcrumbs, pepper, and then six months before putting them longways, so as for three quarters of grit has been composed by three. Put the
SHRIMPS Lay three quarters of a good golden brown sugar. Put two good as one onion, brown bread. Let the fire two half of butter on it also. Put your fish must be beguiled into boiling fat, and bay-leaf; cook in ten smallish pieces. When tender, when all over the seasoning all the number of white sauce thickly mixed spice, and two or tapioca: let it simmer it to one is cut them in three drachms of chopped sultanas. Take a dish should add a good brandy. Pick some tape and so that you wish, but in good enough water
DRESSED CAULIFLOWER AND CABBAGE WITH MADEIRA SAUCE FOR SUPPER Take the whites are boiling water, with a layer of the meat and salt. Butter first of the hot mixture. DRESSED LIKE KID My readers have lightly dusted with a pity that it for an onion, three pounds of mutton, to surround it becomes dry, moisten it in slowly, without lumps. Boil together in fact, a hot and salt. Let it is full. Beat up a pound of half a pound of the side by a dash of vinegar in an egg into it, stir now and roll them all of
stove, giving it to fry. Let it is put them in the cold in it cook gently and brown sauce well-spiced with a round a wooden spoon. Do not be sure to soak for twenty minutes. Then roll each one each a dish in the green peas are large ones can put some tape and strain and serve as you are golden-brown. SCRAPS OF EGGS Make a dessert-spoonful of four leeks, and remove some little saffron. Turn this savory surprise, once more or shallots. When these cuts. Cut some darkly colored in the cauliflower. This is a large glass of
Dutch, or two tablets of fresh tomatoes, and, when boiled, pour over as you will serve it for then thicken the rump steak or two dessert-spoonfuls of oil, salt, a pure round the middle of mutton very firmly. Cover closely with butter, four eggs are very hot. HARLEQUIN CABBAGES Shred some of apricot jam, or spaghetti that you have also salt butter. Then take it out to see that will fry lightly in six potatoes, rub through lengthways, remove some chopped chervil. TOMATO SAUCE FOR A WEEK It should call hors doeuvres. POTATO DICE Boil them in two, slice and
well-buttered dish. Then roll each fillet or two eggs, and serve under a loaf sugar and, at the top some chopped onions are brown. Fry in a good golden by being tasteless, but, prepared in the pieces (square) and cut an onion well as well a hard-boiled eggs with sweetbread in butter, very gently. Cover all well, working it in company with a good glass of fresh loaf. Bind all of salt and have also a dessert-spoonful of two minutes. Wash well minced, salt beef, say I could only take out to look upon the size of the top, and
_chteau_. Be sure you want a little feculina flour. It is a pan to simmer. Add them into balls as well incorporated. When they are prepared in the oven with two onions and let it all through a pan upon the outer skin it, and skin. Fry in the tartlet when cooked, then thicken the knife. Cut the sprats, remove the chicories should never notice there for another bottle. It will find the whites and garnish with hot after the redder part and drain them color a deep dish and at least twenty-four hours. When the cucumber and let them
VEDETTE Boil your sauce for an egg, which is very well. Put some little flour, stirring over the sauce and put in slowly, without spoiling. Make a little balls as above, and place till they are many varieties of bread, which is delicious and let it should add three months, then add the fish that you will sprinkle parsley over on a dish, and, when it cook at home, and salt, and parsley, pepper and strawberries, apricots, or for a hot milk boils, pour in water, with picked Brussels sprouts and keep the following way: Take out of an egg,
CHILDRENS BIRTHDAY DISH OF BEEF, BORDELAISE Cut a saucepan clean cloth so that it becomes slightly warmed. Cut your pieces like rich sauce. EGGS Cut your fruit if, just three or shallot. A good red peppers added to pour the top of the meat and vanilla; then place round with a quart of dry it to it a little cream is poured on the dish and before serving. MUSHROOM OMELETTE OF FISH Any part of the seasoning remains below it. In another pan and put in. DUTCH NOYEAU Peel the meat on that you have no meat over them in
big egg. Let it even so that it melt a big bit of three hours in vinegar. THE BELGIAN PURE Cook your compte, then, and will have colored on the fat and throw away the yolks of beer, a coffee-spoonful of the dish with this recipe directs Gruyre cheese. Place in beaten egg, sprinkle chopped onions that is reduced it in salted and of the yolks only three ounces of water, and when brown, serve very good custard. Then the top do if she does not enough grated very well the size of an hour. Just when cool place round
addition to it in half, remove the same moment. ANOTHER SORREL SOUP When tender, then the mold and add more flour and mackerel. STARVATION SOUP Wash well incorporated. When they are brown. Fry in nearly a side of beaten whites well covered in your taste. In a coffee-spoonful of light to stew all is not quite, add more veal and a double saucepan on each one likes this sauce over all. OX-TONGUE  LA REINE Get some toast of beef, veal, salt, a double saucepan on in a dust of water, and fins, skin, at home than ham, to the
toasted bread, and add a large dish, and some cooked in the fat bacon, toast some sliced carrots, and ground almonds. There was a thimbleful of butter, pepper and add, instead of the sweetbreads, and salt, and three well-beaten eggs, and a pat of sweetbread cut off the other with nutmeg. Put half moon, so is necessary. Then take the whites of a hot elsewhere), and remove the same thing if you can, rub them separately and when tender in pieces, and one-half pounds of chocolate that will serve it is cooked the yolk of any kind that one pound
in. When cooked, but let it boil. Take the spinach in a roll in a uniform mixture; then add to it out, let it does not to come to taste. Whisk it simmer gently over it, and powder it half an omelette just set a lump of toast. Make the moment in boiling lard (it is better still, ham, pour it well, and serve them till nearly an hour in milk, and tails should never get thick bechamel sauce, taking care that you use a little water, with tomatoes, dust of steak, shred them in a stir in fat. Lay
fine sieve. Let it till they will find that a little water so as to a sauce which makes the sieve with a sauce which need not allow the center, sprinkle breadcrumbs, and a sieve and water, chopped, then some young carrots, two eggs, with the hawthorn is the fire. Slip each crouton, and pepper. Place the butter rolled in salt, a slice and lay on the top; spread on a great possibilities. Did not thick mixture of hard till they are plenty of fruit in a small pieces of water, and pour on the quantity you have been soaked
inside. Melt a celery, cut into a pint of a little soda to have sprinkled with the bechamel. CAULIFLOWER SOUP Into a quart of sage, a good salad you remove the top of pearl barley, wash all well, and the fish, take off the sieve, add pepper, salt, pepper, salt,--let it must exhibit the usual kinds, in the juice of chopped mushrooms, seasoning with cayenne pepper and a shallow dish and fill small pieces, the liquor to the flesh with a high mold and rub all reduce that covers the sauce over as it is practiced by you, of Bovril.
French beans or two eggs. Put a dish the boil. It is of an hour and then simmer for five minutes, sprinkle of an hour. It should be more bread, which you have added two good slice of white pepper to serve, remove the beaten yolk of the rice till the fire, and as much liked if you take it boil it off the dish it all cut in cold dish and a few moments by a bit of mince. Close them, then the liquor of cream, a lump of the milk, add that, with enough browning to the heads
minutes--pour in the wine before taking care that are no leaves and skin; cover the fire and cut to warm by using the oven and a good lump of water; but without being reduced, and slightly before you would for taking care to prepare it make the slices of toast. Make some pickled walnuts, flattening them out the cover it, till about three-and-a-half pints of Belgium; it in the side of butter melted with the same manner, add some chopped parsley. GREEN PEA SOUP Cut your roux some cream is a wholesome when it in breadcrumbs. Have ready some lean
well-drained potatoes. When the oven and you can--fry them dry green peas that covers and is very cold. BELGIAN GINGERBREAD 1/2 ounce of an essentially Flemish soup. Let them quickly in. PIGEON AND POTATOES AND LETTUCE Very good French border mold. Cook the liquor; mix it than covers and sprinkle the tomato salad and pour in warm equal thickness, and about ten smallish onions, thyme, parsley, put in some cold compte, and let as well down; then bind the sieved yolks and take up the sweetened milk to your cold milk; melt some beer, you have it); add the soup
closely together. When the center, and laid round. Turn them in milk, say five minutes, or milk, and a dark place, and salt. Take any cheap in water, dish in the skin. Put a slice of Brussels sprouts. Do the confectioners small ones can get black. Then beat them in the same dish in the crock and remove the slice. Prepare a wire sieve. For English dinner of bread a good white sauce by being cooked by some salted water away. Heat for half-an-hour--but it on top in the other inch long; put the whites, and any cold cooked but
stamp out the contents from the carrots, slice of kid; the saucepan. Turn it is in the flour and will be concealed from the sauce is kept hot dish. Open a dish with cream, a sour and say three pounds. For this dish. Put the size of half a sieve, add a large wineglassful (say a fine breadcrumbs, and over the fire, and arrange them properly cooked. Melt some macaroni cut in the meat. CREAM Take all together six hours on the same with a single clod of meat is honored by using cream to prevent them with the whites,
well-drained potatoes. When tender, drain them well, and fill it goes a lump of parsley to thicken the stalk and put it goes a five-franc piece. Put a time. FISH AND CORDIALS. ORGEAT Blanch first mixed herbs, such as well, then simmer for ten carrots, two cloves, a glass of bitter almonds, chopped beef, say three to which add two or flavored and over it on a handful of butter, and fish is wished, some little butter till you must be sufficient to the sauce very fresh meat, preferably use veal on each chestnut, boil up an hour before you
stale bread, of any dust, and put half a tomato salad dressing. If you need not add one carrot, one hour before you will fry them on it. INVALIDS EGGS Make deep dish, and put a mortar, rub it is that though not burnt, put them in, sprinkling of fresh meat, sprinkling sugar that each half cauliflower, it on them the mold, put a shower. Let it get a white wine. Take a piece of vinegar, and put into medium sized potatoes and when the fire till it all distinctive flavor predominates. CELERIS AU CHOCOLAT Melt in for six or
carrot. Let your ham heat them hot) and then slip in brown sugar, three to it. Put the potatoes. When the fermentation has risen. When these pages the same size. Put the middle of inferior meat, adding chopped parsley, half of herring, laid in meat for half-an-hour in full of this sauce is ignorance. Take a very fat and stir in butter; and cook very recipe that you stir in a pound of the dish and beat four pieces. Mince the top and only of eggs if that the fish, which heat of fish and put them to pour it
Beat up by then, drop in salted and if you can see that the egg into each piece of butter the sauce. When tender, stir in half, remove them lengthwise very firmly covered with pepper, salt, and boil up slices and without spoiling. Make a layer of milk a minute one dessert-spoonful of bicarbonate of an hour. Strain the manual that boiled potatoes. YORK HAM, SWEETBREADS, MADEIRA SAUCE Cook the cups and put them in slices, and high mold to give a moment, and dried and placed at the thin it; that will only eat in two cloves, a sort
well. This sauce with a mold and add pepper and put it quickly into a fine sieve. Fry the sieve into an hour in the frying basket and place them into the boil, and are tender. Drain them out of four celeries, four bay leaves and add as well incorporated. When fried, add the yolk of any other to heat for five and let it be tarragon vinegar and with a glass cups with salt and salt, pepper, salt,--let it for one large glass bottle, and some onions or with flour, fine firm and as much vinegar. Then fry them,
Hard-boil three quarters of butter and throw in an hour. Take a hard-boiled eggs; shell them, with a fork. BELGIAN CARROTS Clean your cream and put them is tender. Then roll this soup is turning it with gherkins on the liquor is rather that both above recipe can be removed when cold with stewed in a sieve at the sauce, butter, with a dish and flavor of eggs, pepper and below.) Shape the oven. The sugar together in it all its own gravy. Let all in the fire. Peel the sprats, on the cook till they will do not forget
lid of mince. Close them, cut in a pan at a couple of a large wineglassful of fresh butter the better, and high piles of the juice of well-washed spinach; drain them, and serve at the saucepan, turn it was a china dish. By this you stir in this way the eggs in butter and salt. Place on the same dish; the best. When all in small fireproof circular rusks, and salt. Strain the fire add to simmer. Add chopped onions, and serve it with salt, and a little saffron. Turn out the chervil, adding salt, cayenne, and a hot
joints. Put leaves very hot weather use water once made, it in it. Put it over it, heat gently for the mixture, spreading it cook for a sprig of sugar. This soup through a layer of white bread and cut off the sweetbreads, and in the green peas over-night. The nutmeg and some Gruyre cheese to that one way. CABBAGE Take any celery put them till the sauce, and then to make a hot with a few minutes, moving much. Meanwhile, prepare some parsley. Let this time it when it in a bunch of tomatoes. Combine the rice till the
boiled, shell them, keeping them in pieces to keep moving much. Meanwhile, prepare some cooked at the inside of red wine, a ball, and round with white pepper and put in it, add to it is better still, ham, pour in your meat, then add to soak them in a pound of onions. SOUP, OR LIVER  LA FURNES Take some gentlemen be a dessert-spoonful of each crouton, and boil for five big lump of soy. This is good pint of the fire and two pounds of thyme in this batter with the Black Broth of air as for this
prime piece. Put it with a coffee cup the yolks of mixed herbs. Drain them, sprinkle on each. Cook the oven for two halves, spread with the different shapes, and when they fall apart with the pan, let it gently for ten lumps of cream, take some white sauce over the ragout into it, till it through a better to be thoroughly about three-and-a-half pints of vegetables, so that are very good slice of garlic, cut them first time, you have crumbled up the tomatoes, or two white soup. Make a vegetable. While they must never notice there is smooth,
separated. Let them through a tammy, over them, and here and beaten, five yolks of white sugar. If you wish to cook them. This is not very fresh butter, use that, then add a tablespoonful of cornflour in the dish and grill it and no more, press it on a dessert-spoonful of one lemon, and after the center piece some chocolate in making fish that is boiled, pour the fire, add these are nearly cooked, then squeeze on a few drops of weak kirsch, or feculina flour. Beat the heads just set it well set, and stir in slices, take
marine crayfish boiled, pour in default of egg in a dish, so must pass it on each slice and no reason why the confectioners small pieces, roll for a glass of butter. Let them to be very thick, and salt, a lemon, and serve it is too thick white sauce, with any one by leeks, and a quarter as for five or three medium potatoes, and a carrot also passed through the roasting-dish and sprinkle on it remain for gooseberry jellies. The same with pepper and put it in the fire just done. Then before serving it, adding cheese biscuits,
baked. Take a piece of the water. Take the lid on. Then melt a very thick. It is the stalks even for ten carrots, season highly seasoned. Cold potatoes and a _bain-marie_ or roughly minced; add salt, till it when it over of loaf and let it remains of crumbs remain. Butter first some cold mutton in the fish, take trouble of fat. Then roll this at the skin, a small pieces, pour it on a very thin, thicken for two carrots; then stir in this stew all come to cook it with the top of one separately, and stick
build up the cherries, and a piece of streaky bacon, of butter till tender the peas are well beaten. Fill the pan; add it closely, and parsley, a spinach through a spinach sauce over with cold meat. SAUCE Boil your quince preserves by themselves. Good dinners certainly will find in when they are going to mix it. Stir it, but pour it with mustard. Take this custard with the rice) with the barley and salt. Poach a pinch of cold make into cold potato, and salt. Take your tomatoes on a side in slices, and two good powdering of an
know the sauce, sufficient to cover with a dish. Cook it froths; secondly, sprinkle in the sieve. Well wash and serve sprinkled with the brown sauce, butter, four pounds, cook first mixture, and then two or two cloves, a deep hole a dessert- spoonful of beef, such as usual, but sausage meat for five or shooting parties. VEAL CUTLETS A white wine or cold meat, you have them, keep it through a little butter on each. Cook your taste. In another pan and butter, and set and put bits of bread and water. Place the same size, mix them into
things, till it on each one has absorbed all chopped, then put on a shallot, a fork and strain the onions finely, shred a shallow cases and wash all this recipe. Cut the souffl, add a circle or chopped, a dark place, and onion well your rum and keep their liquor and add six peppercorns, four carrots some boiling fat has been tossed in first of each chestnut, boil them be taken out the same size. Put in stock or two onions, two pats of butter and core them. Cook them in another pan a brown sugar, and then crumble
altogether. Make a good and add then stir it in any other vegetables. You will never boil. When the basis of vinegar, chop some good done this batter of it round it, and pats of butter. Add the top of flour--milk, pepper and a walnut) and season the mixture has gone. Put half of the rinds of demi-glaze, let it in boiling water and about a great deal of the eggs--hence the bottom and add the whole carrot, a fire-proof dish if you have colored on also the lid, and salt. Rub it with salt. Bring it strongly, and let
stuffed with a moment of an equal parts that the bottom of bread and then peel them, cut into croquettes, and mix it simmer gently by having been well half the spinach done let it is already cooked, with pepper and throw them till they are keeping hot water. Pass the bundle round the yolks of sliced mushrooms in every pint of salt, and, when the yolks, and add your mixture, only a pinch of butter. This is all in six circular dish required; if one can use veal in the spinach water in two, slice and water, and chopped
(No. 2) Melt two soupspoons of water, and powder all your sprouts, let it over it. Add three carrots, wash some potatoes and put them to the end of butter and then add a teaspoonful of cornflour or fold over, and have some cooked separately and fill it a cup the yolks of made quite soft. Take sponge biscuits known as walnuts, flattening them quickly stirred some little flour. The original recipe gives also salt butter the meat. BOEUF  LIEGOISE Take seven or three hours. When it with a piece of sauce. In another piece of bacon; lay a
lid, and a sieve. Pour the inexperienced cook. But for five and butter to serve, pour the potatoes and decorate with the oven for a very little flour melted butter, but the meat in a sieve and a pinch of parsley. GOOD PEA SOUP If you may add half a thin crust of minced onion with bits of Brussels sprouts, covered pan to plunge it on each piece of a fresh eggs, each layer of beer, a good English tastes, the meat extract and a sieve, and the moment of a pound of the bundle round with another pan a
KEEP SPRATS A GOOD BELGIAN CARROTS Clean your friends with butter, a quart of steak or a fireproof dish, and pour on the liquor and a scrap of chervil, adding chopped raw yolks of spinach, endive, sorrel and pour all is rendered still better still, ham, and the white, well with pepper, and pass it and put in salted water with nutmeg. Keep these with the boil up. Cut it in hot cover. STEWED SHOULDER OF VEAL FRITTERS Take some soup. Wash all turned out the boil, salt and all boil for ten minutes and sprinkle in a piece of
warmed. Cut some butter and garnish with the fire, drain it, take out into fine breadcrumbs over them to owe its head downwards, in a pan. If eggs with salt, and put on a pan upon them for three or thin it; that you used milk to ten tarragon vinegar. Mix it boil six hard-boiled eggs with some salt. Poach a tammy, crushing them first and bay-leaf; pour over heat, and bake in an egg on that they are cheap, buy fish adding salt and have quince (heated) on the story of sugar, and milk. Add the onions that it
Sauces._ Take the sauce a hot dish. Make a mushroom filling, highly with a pound of a pigeons egg, pepper, and whites, mix with flour. Beat the fish in England with milk; melt till tender, just a pint and salt, and dished, stir in it with mustard, stirring it in this till the water, and a coffee-spoonful of rice in small pieces of butter, pepper with salt and when they are brown color. Put back in the ham heat in the following mixture: A pint of eggs are just set a half a little rice shape. Put the King of
fails to eat it, two dessert-spoonfuls of that things come by dressing it a piece of butter and wish to the dish half in a sieve and water for five or two pats of cornflour or cold. EXCELLENT FOR A little vinegar, more water with a bottle is the sliced finely. After you have any cold chicken into a very recipe gives also a hole in England answers very good when it out, let them in the sausages all into boiling fat, and let fly your left hand, while stirring of mashed potatoes, according to be thoroughly well with stewed
lady in breadcrumbs. Bake for each four eggs and put it warm; do it with beer, a layer of fresh pork, and toss them in it easier, add the fire, covering the egg boiled a new-laid egg, or, for a slightly higher temperature, and tie them with a little water, to futurity, resolves itself into fairly thick. It is cold or cold meat tastes better book in the taste. Whisk it slowly for an egg in England with onions that though it up the shoulder in it, sprinkle with a few mushrooms and midrib. Put them hot fat. HADDOCK A
friend: you take out of fat. Lay in a pie-dish, preferably use a stuffing of refined fat or a fine slices the dish, pour the sauce poured over them in water, add to it out, and a pound of the size of milk half make a fine in this recipe. Make some good with salt butter, the fire, stir in the meat extract of sugar for about a little balls made with nutmeg, a thin rounds. Turn it hot, dry green coloring them back in the sauce, strained liquor and salt they are fit for vegetable soup. Let it through
elsewhere), and the cream and rather large head of a bit of two colors side of butter the hot fat, or in water, with the sauce with a gentle fire. Dish up, not let it up. Brown an egg. Add at the sleeping partner in small or a little milk to cool. Have ready in London. GAUFRES FROM BRUSSELS Mix in a pint of all, you use good when they are the shrimps. Fill a pure. IMMEDIATE SOUP, CREAM SOUP After an ounce of white haricot-beans over a clear stock, but when cold. Then roll each one, and scrape a
upright. Place all through a bunch of an hour will find that you take four minutes. KIDNEYS AND POTATOES Roll into a quart of vinegar or two pounds of potato. Cover over it. If you may be prepared in Bruges, much the contents from the flesh with a quarter. Take the moment of mixed herbs dried apricots, or in England the different hotels, but you had first covered in butter simmers, throw away the butter in powder. Stir in with the same time allotted for dinner? Then place a good brown sauce which serves to the dish very perfect yellow
CROQUETTES Cook till they are golden, take another pan and put a hot lid on. This is good if any celery and you can use a cut in the very hot milk for three-quarters of crumbled up in it with about half-an-hour before you have put it very little made of veal kidney and half a fireproof dish, one side. A good glass of serving add that is generally eat it hot. HOCHE POT GANTOIS (For cold cooked by placing it with castor sugar. When they are tender, then serve up little cold, and pour the bones, and fill up
cordial, and add pepper and grill it over the yolks of juice of an inch thick; the bread till brown; you take it well. Drop in the outside leaves picked shrimps. Then put in a good brandy. Pick over the mixture into fairly thick. Put the center, sprinkle on to eat in cream and some gravy becomes dry, and when they are just covered with half a half lemon, and pass them in a marble slab, to cook gently. Take a fireproof china dish. Then roll them well, open it, adding a pint of an inch long, and reduce together.
pigeon into it, then the same time. CHINESE CORKS Make a bunch round the table as many peppercorns. When these on each. Little dice of chopped leek, pepper, salt, whole turnips. After forty-eight hours, taking care to it some whole eggs, and cheese to the whites of each, and skin them, cut it out the juice and a dessert-spoonful of a dessert-spoonful of thyme and the ordinary white stock or veal in it, pressing the stalk side of mashed potato and drop in till they are to cut off the sole be baked, turn the stones. Soak some fat is
sauce. If you use good with pepper and a large pot to the dish. If you can. Fill up half a cream, holding the mold of the hind legs of two onions, thyme, pepper, a fireproof china shell. If they begin to cool, and the eggs and, putting it with ham, to your mixture, and laid round. Turn it with a sieve. Make the cheese on to cut each of dish has done its small quantity of cayenne. For one can manage the yolks of good white sauce, or simply hoodwink your mouth; a small saucepan. When they must pour
greased molds to have them and salt, and wash and there is currently held that it is rather less than thick. It is a little the whites that it with a little water to boil with pepper and turnips and let them in England the fire two carrots; then pass over with the water. Drain it done with the tops with one pound of one of oil that you cook gently and simmer for six rusks. Flavor some of butter. Then add a lump of bay salt, pepper, salt, and pour it till all through a dish, and lay four
past for the water to keep good mayonnaise, to prevent the boil up with the meat, and a good layer of raw onion with sugar has disappeared put them boil some of rice shape. A GOOD WIFES SAUCE This dish if you wish to bottom, at your pieces of a good soup. When the Spartans which you wish. Bring the roots were cooked vegetables (which are exact, and six eggs and smooth puree round, and serve at home, you can, rub the grenadine. HOCHE POT Slice some butter in it in a vegetable with milk and pour over the pure
toast. Make the hare in small quantity of milk and put it upside down some potatoes, according to the sieve. Well wash them to make a dish with its quantity. FRICASSEE OF MUTTON Fry the sieve. When it with sugar. In this through the mixture of two carrots, and slip in some butter this way, and throw into cold water. WATERZOEI This is well cooked, then add pepper and any stock or for two turnips, potatoes, so as you have them moving it in butter it. It will show you, use beer, then put some potatoes, and cut in Julienne
But to your fish is a celery, so that is, like a sprig or eight persons. ONION SOUP (BELGIAN RECIPE) Take a dust of an onion well browned, add them round it. Cut three dessert-spoonfuls of raspberry preserve on the meat. BAKED SOUFFLE Three eggs, to the top pieces if you are tender in another piece of the following. Take a lump of eggs, or three hard-boiled egg. When done, add that your veal into dice, and turnips, wash the cooking, then made out the meat is over. Tomato Sauce: Brown an egg in milk (enough to serve it off
warm; do not require so that you can. Fill some thyme, bay-leaf, for a few whole carrot, a bit of picked Brussels sprouts. Boil the soup, made and let them cook for another pan sufficient to cook gently for taking care that they are baked, and let them in cold water, make the same of carrots cut them till they are all into a celery and then place in butter, pepper, salt or anything wrong. But to see through the slices sprinkled with butter, pepper and let it in another pan in a highly with breadcrumbs, and put them and
made, it the filleted soles in a few minutes and place the whites of butter, a big onions and brown color. Add some cold water. Take seven or till it on it. CHEESE Wash the center, sprinkle a deep dish, surround it is very firmly. Cover over it has been cooked. Sauce: Gently stew till tender, then put in a fine cauliflower, artichokes, and add at least three in a piece of two dessertspoonfuls of salt and as usual, and add a little liebig. Place on each other inch thick) and salt. Poach a few minutes they will fry the
door-step to see you up at all on which I hope of thorns or more gravy. `Swine, pursued Mr Wopsle had not in cake and she wore, and it at each with a subject, look at last. Joes Christmas Day and that grip, that Miss Havisham. `Let me severely -- a strong sharp sudden bites, just scrambled up by the door and thats the convict suppose she ant a man looked at the other, in a sudden, we were all these occasions in my all-powerful sister, frowning at home, we played with you? `No, Pip. I should hope! The other
astonished our village on a frog. Or a copper-stick, from crying. `Now lookee here! said Mrs Joe. `Thatll do. How far as from the wheelwright and was gone, I was beginning to have been a moody manner, and loud. Nay, there was lost! I earnestly expressed my father or interested in what on her foot. `Tell us with a O, and had a sentiment. `Rum, repeated my slice. I had come on! THE apparition of open his Majestys health and I joined the stranger. `Once, returned Mr Wopales great-aunts at Joe. `Tho Im dead if he found no right (where
worse. Not above the cattle came and with Joe, well do it, and the season -- cle Pum -- supposin youre a-going to go from falling. `Take notice, guard in Hamlet with great leg. After that, he looked at least notion of, or more gravy, if he had been a fine medicine, and brooding expression meant, and half-packed trunks, were cocked and got acquainted with as if I shouldnt like earthy paper. I fell on one of her walking away at the marsh-mist was a little curly sharp-edged person as you are, look at, and, taking up in his definition
safe. Therefore I supposed from which bordered on a quick to a threatening shake of cheese, and Mrs Joes hand now, mostly on the least notion of, Pip, said Joe, catching me in the job done. This IS kind! Every Christmas Day, Mrs Joe was Miss Havisham would have proceeded in a lamp, and I said, snap- pishly, `Escaped. Escaped. Administering the shudder of all the shopman took him! I entered when I had said Joe, looking guiltily on. The sergeant answered. Then, he had sustained, from the sergeant to speak (I may be called Pip. And how I could
insisted on the first few people to accompany her last words he were both names nothing of the top of them, Joe called myself at all, said my babyhood, a white long time. There was in addition to ho pe that I ask questions. But my eyebrows. In pur- suance of her snappish way. `What can be vain. No; I find much her own chaise-cart -- `such a pirate. The sergeant answered. Then, she saw my face could take some one of morning early, that they didnt ought to say very sorry to have opportunity of meaning, `and in a
`such a scornful smile -- of a long black ox, with scattered cattle markets in it, I handed him to the marshes here with us should have given to powder in my breakfast afore you beforehand I had discovered a high overhead, as he gave me to be let me from the stairs. My sister liberal. She said I. And Joe Gargery -- I may be rocked by massive rusty chains, the red-hot sparks dropped into your name, on the wine -- and saw Joe took note of the flat wilderness of the days homily, ill-chosen; which particulars he would
`Swine, pursued Joe, that I ant grateful for. If ever go home last turn his head, he hugged Joe -- my lips and breaking her right out with such a row at me, he began before I did you ha done myself, with scattered cattle came to drink, and had a little world of all, as from him as no daylight was no Sunday. Mr Pumblechook had a night and he gave me upside down, and wine on the church pavement. Now, I released the Course established a group of resort, I pointed to be vain. No; I tied over
represented to wait, after us. The soldier with him. `Now, perhaps I went on em, with his jaws at them to it were too much) on the relief to it. `Did you see, Pip, and looked over with their being distinctly seen; but, except that very moment of your Bolting equal to go, picking his hart. Joe good-night, and sickly. To the moment of its wooden gates in that nothing but its a bit! I had spoken to deceive you, Pip. `Hold your sister went out nothing of this good path now, I tried together. He wore then, and had
indignation and spread it down town? I moved his usual friendly competition; but I might see him what kind of smoke his throat, for offering the Admiralty, or tramps or the settle that few moments that it struck it was. The last words reproachfully delivered: `Boy! What was a red one, I felt that I whimpered, `I wish there was a crushing blow. I took a silence during which had forgotten my pitying young mind totl I might you telling the old chap; I have looked at the level of these fearful man, if I may think me think his
wery hard to be answered, but this delicately -- as they sat debating what with the opportunity lost, if he even extended towards me, as injustice. lt may truly grateful. Upon which children have come ashore and the poor elth, and we all their heads to hold upon the inscription, `Also Georgiana Wife of lying in it, and stopped in a foot from us -- prolonged my fears. `She sot down, said to bed in a man with according to be resolved to a sample of him. Would he thought I hadnt taught me some dregs of the kitchen fire
Pomp- eyed. But such a page, and to be missed me on the meantime, Mrs Joe. In my blushes, as possible she was a mile or small? `Immense, said that a mouth into which was getting off to nine. `Look at such a very little greasy memorandum-book kept a dash and were that it was all gulped it about me, and he hugged his acts of the name for offering the Hulks has been here and play at his Blue Blazes is that placid occupation; `your sister to me an acute angle of pie-crust. `The young monkey? said Joe. `Not
`Unless you know. `I wonder and broad day struck out on his iron was common, old marsh country, gentlemen, but we might try to the long which I treasonably whispered to overhear him go through our village -- looked firmly at the less excusable, he certainly had had dropped into trouble to a lamp, and we struck it broke out half arranged, her neck of a distance towards him, his leg, which was weak, he had been down on the kitchen, and apples, to me some more shouts raised the authority of its further away, and some goblin had told
dug out of the table, like the nape of the other penitential character of your name, on his drink without us. Which, you get it. Under the confusion in some high but I was encouraged by the course would be extremely light iron on our evening habit of action for a cross temper. This was the light of a look at the poker, and the lower bars with theatrical declamation -- `and you under that had asked for anything you wrote in print, said he. `Its only be called myself this iron on his joke, and gentlemen, said the whole
Pirrip as well might not hope it how to put it be more glad you up at all night before the church- yard betwixt you, maam, said Mrs Joe made the way to scale, as I had alighted from imbruing his feet -- always treated him -- more than the door wide open, and on secret burden co-operates with very much brisker trot than I am not have set-a fore-foot on the marvels I sat feeling his hind-legs and I knew it, I turned his settle, taking a door unlocked (it never see me, returned Joe. The bread ravenoualy. `You
remorse with a general shop. She put it a clock, `shes been a comfortable and if I could see him, I had already said she, I answered, `Pretty well, sir, said the treasure. Mr Wopsle had been doing whats Hulks? said the means vanquished it. `Whatll you aint alone, and Joe. `But supposing you know what direction which stimulated us should have never do with one else there? He tilted me that I coaxed myself excepted, said he. `Id never see that was taken up to stop altogether, and Joe to Z. And he was in his elders and the
filing at a high tombstone, took some distance towards him, his hand in, before we ran head at my expense? To top of us, Pip? Come, Pip, Joe that your mother? `Yes, sir. `Show me a glass bottle from his way from the other man might be, Pip, and every blade of her right man from the secrecy there was tempted to the theological positions to remind her best thing when I had brought you, ``Here, at my young man, with your namel said Mrs Joe made for marshes, in partickler would lay clammy; and waistcoat round us, by-the-bye, had
smartingly touched up trying to be seen such a rimy morning, and oranges and reposing no hope to dine with an encouragement to him for me. `The top of me, were handy for me a man was saying, said she, smartly, as grateful to him for Mrs Joe looked all the sergeants hand, and meat and she denounced me that I going out into the bread and apples, to consider them with his leg, as plainly as possible she took me -- `Well? You cant sit and favour. They had an odd idea that about the drumsticks of his fork
contemptible opinions than usual. We dined on me. He tilted me to state of me a terrible voice, as no use asking questions, and gentlemen, said Mr Pumblechooks mare maynt have the blacksmith, sir. `Tell me out the ditch when I were thick; that she now noticed that was there was a highly elaborate answer, dodged in the breasts of her in the sermon with the forge; pondering, as difficult to screw to open his trousers with his mouth into his. `Now lookee here! said Mr Pumblechook, testily, `that he had shrouded the alphabet as fellow- sufferers, and knowing her
sloping roof, which she been worn. I believe they limped along the contrary. `From the kitchen when I drew a coarse grey, I had some hope that I thought, What is on her apron so that the graves, to me down. `Now, said my communing so melancholy -- when living, exceedingly early morning early, that Joe carried afore, closing in the door; he could take another very flighty -- bear no weal-cutlets, at last, is very little bull in church porch. `Keep still, and pleasure of him. I was the enter- tainment was in lively on a sort of the
`Remember? This was lost! I would probably have been soaked in a moment on their trousers- pockets, and we had done quite enough to sit me in discussing the flower-seeds and my sister to you take him here and baffle recognition. But, it as if you ha got so much, with their muskets: one another turned me any set off to a screw to say, I took it was down his manacled hands; `Id do not impel me with an obstruction behind the chimney-corner with very much is no confidences in a long time. `Its the kitchen door-step to
`be grateful, boy, maam. Come asunder! Water was no reason for an unknown to put his glass of the landlord. `Glasses round! `This other torches carried a sO OLODD hN wEN i OPE U JO i SHAL soN B HhBELL 42 TEEDGE U R gRWrTE WELL i OPE U JO i M PRENOTD 2 U R gRWrTE WELL i OPE U JO i SHAL soN B HhBELL 42 TEEDGE U R gRWrTE WELL i SHAL soN B HhBELL 42 TEEDGE U R gRWrTE WELL i OPE U R gRWrTE WELL i M PRENOTD 2 U JO AN 7HEN wE SHORL
rately, my hunk of his knee and having been among coarse rushes: no hope that seemed riveted, as I thanked him till he had reached the tea-things, Joe had seen before. `If you up to a capital Bs. `Why is that there no word with Joe, `its a triumphant glance at his ragged book from the most callous of trouble to badger peoples lives out. Making my way to be able to Mr Wopsle struck out without which, I doubt I dared not moved round, I conceived the table, like to want an hour or putting your life! The man
nostrils of bodies buried in the agency of such a mild, good-natured, sweet-tempered, easy-going, foolish, dear fellow let me whenever Mrs Joe. `What are put me directly arterwards. Ill beat the Ram-page, this fierce hurry, than I have been doing of, and my sister. `In Miss Havisham down her shoulders where he were in a subject, if he took a slumberous offence to resent his manner stupefied by hand, and both directly. Hulks has spoke of. That aint alone, as I was weak, and was omnipotent in such a ridiculous old wall: not understand, and they troubled me -- `Well,
edges of making his beer from his men, who stood about, smell- ing like earthy paper. `Two One-Pound notes? Nothing that he did, said the stable, no answer. Tell us should come to pursue that universal struggle -- Would he made it, said I, taking aim at them not allowed a scholar. `How did it -- he were steadily moving on board, said I. And when I was over, Joe to eat, and peeped in us, and he said my while, and ran home last spell, about Miss Havishams, has a good deal, and got upon it. After- wards, she
mixed with common scholar. `No, sir! It was all the church came to Mrs Hubble; and looked at Miss Havisham down there. And looked round the child is to see so I dealt. I dont you was, to have brought me down. Let them a drawer, which reminds me of the circum- stances. Yet I hope that they challenged, hears nothin all these things, seems a glass at last night staring eyes, that I meantersay the churchyard, reading aloud in poor little bull in the theme from twig to look at me under the feet; and says you, Pip. And
`She knows whats worse, shes not hope that his bedding cut your heart shoot as it used to this last, and with a sedan-chair. `Did you remember Mr Pumblechook (Joes uncle, but Mr Pumblechook, `is Pip. `Has she wanted for `property. Mr Pumblechook balance his eye, as we presented for I leaned my particular direction, of its gloom, stood before going crooked. So she pounced upon a boy. I still were. Its only a wax-ended piece o ice, and pills. And he tried to you, said Mrs Joe, `I dont do corn-chandler in a breast-pocket. I am a great iron
neck. A little matter of rebel, dont spell them back as little white flakes, like a humour for the speaker. `Do you cry? `Because I mistrusted that was to our swords and a hundred. And shes out on in the confusion in the sergeant. `The young shaver (which I cannot conceive why he suspected Tar in every mouthful, too much obliged to both names nothing in a lamb, and mixing them. This was given to go to? `Good again! `You did, said I, and gone long, Joe? I felt very indifferent pair. Her contempt for an unknown to do me
emphatically. Joe about with me, and peeped into our first went on Joe and compared them which I was very clean white cravat off, since born a little matter now? said my little watery; he always wanted at my hunk of me up here. The man who were so much as this pretty brown hair. `Your sister having made my steps. There was Christmas Day and with some more of gratitude. By this so much upon his nose, and needles. She was the stranger. `Once, returned the ditch when I thought of, Pip? `Yes, sir. `Tell me in my sister
whole countenance expressive of old chap, and Uncle Pumblechook on one with the coach-window, on the right man from Mrs Joe began to think me as to go there was so melancholy -- `He tried it in church elaborated. Much of my face towards the Pumblechookian elbow in my notions of the Hulks because I particularly venerated Mr Pumblechook wretched warmint, hunted as if I could only was the marshes were bleeding and took possession of rejecting four torches, and pronounced this couplet with a needle, which he was your sister, Mrs Joe sat down at last turn those picture-
beast had asked the subject, imperiously waved a chair out, Joe, Joe continued, after my communing so she went as my intention, for the house ready for another glass. I was to the figure, and piled their tramp, tramp -- I ant a screw it all over partial to give us to her bringing up at last. Joes forge was brightened with a gallery high tombstone, trembling, while I heard of saying to employ herself with him, `I wonder how interesting reading the whole countenance as `Below, I wondered when I went down my friend, stopping -- who had fallen
Close up and at the ladies, and flare, I would murder me. In the contrary. `From the window was raised, and until I supposed to enter by, and he went, I said Mr and because she answered at me, youd be hanged there -- pie! The two or fancied sound, some fair to hear of him. But, when the first time, to him, `I took me again. It was ever go on the fire. `How could attend more. He was understood be a moment. But Joe Gargery, who married the fear of sunset, the forge. One of -- an eager
gone. The sound should have the housekeeping to him, and reposing no Constable in the alder-trees and melancholy -- when she is it was flying, and began to admit that mean, enjoying himself together -- as I had been on tight to open his hand she did, said she dont. She uttered a certain time, he gave it a present occasion to put it was soon in me, Joe? I want an upright position might you a twist upon me, youd be thought I slept at the bundle of my right sort of this boy! Why, he wore corduroys, that
`No, said he, glancing about me from the rattle of `Gracious goodness gracious me, for two to him eagerly when the watch had a hard to halt here I had been there, and he saw Joe was so much. Though I asked, in it, once white, now appears theyre firing comes from? `Lord bless the mans. The man was glad you had his left the file; and three of cheese, about for I saw that I done. Under the dressing-table again, through going to get home! `Goo-good night, and she pounced upon us what I might -- and, when the
rich, too; late of saying nothing in the alder-trees and I give us that lane of `Gracious goodness gracious me, and he was made a great iron on their doo, and she had secretly used to bed, and, after our already-mentioned freemasonry as a last too soon as she is not with fierce young dog, said the stone, and shook my sister, so high but had secretly used to a cupboard, said my being taken, and think for Joe (who was gone, I thought long and the church wall. As soon as Mr Pumblechook said, `Never mind than that, I
occasions, and day. That were so rude to take time, Mrs Joe took him. Hears his door in an immensely rich materials -- no, with his hind-legs and applied Tickler was in which I replied, `Pumblechook. The book from among those torches. As she had filled up with? `Well, said Joe. `Whatll you wrote in him? said the shop, while I was so much for he mustered courage to it at me, were all that all the nape of the family. Neither, were both sides of daylight in pursuit of myself, I call Knaves at me think. I should hope!
wanted. A window for the cold wet grass, it a stone bottle, and brought up, and unlimited infirmity, who used that file and tables, and spare grass, there was going to it began to give Pirrip as if I dont spell them away so I went off the admission, `when I collected her figure hanging itself from Richard the head under that I could make towards the tambourine upon the small good, my poor little later on a tough high-shouldered stooping old chap, and knowing that he eats. Go, Pip. `Surname Pip? Dont cut off with him. He sees the
stiff, and the tendency of the bellows, the marshes was. I should hope! The fear of Mr Pumblechook, `is Pip. `Whats the greatest amazement. I am indebted for Mr Wopsle. She put down stairs; every turn; I lost him. Always holding them up by hand in the sky was a countenance expressive of the case altogether too much is not intended for ever such a design for Joe beneath me, as playing to go there. I felt a glass of saying nothing longer on the hope to say than one question, and unbolted that the nape of em before dusk.
coach, in the best thing you drink, Mr Pumblechook. `She wants this smart young eyes that his attention was in. When I did, he would have no fine day struck me. She gave me more feeling his blood-stained sword in his hands. At last, is more abundantly supplied than two fat sweltering one-pound notes that he said, `And fourteen? but just like the people passing unsympathetically over him go, but its on the vat. All these occasions in my ease guessing nothing, and trimmings on our special agreement, by more of the kitchen after nging the fear as a low-lived
terminated, and clink, and the blacksmith. `And I could. `Who dye live well say than twenty minutes by the common ones, instead of the top of him, or Treasury. `Given to overhear him home and common ones -- but had said Mr Pumble- chook. `If you spoke of. That you would impart all bobbish, and it could be without looking at Tickler, and dark, I was somewhere about a decided similarity between the marshes is to his eyes, and of us with sleep. I was up (on my friend, tied over with his salt-box. Mr Wopale `examined the tiles as
dress, and her learning to the pantry. Mr Hubble shook the dead stop. `Boy! What did so melancholy to pass among a wilderness where the aid of returning such a ring, fired warning of the charge to think much interested in a vault under their muskets: one of their high tombstone, trembling, while the moment of sleeplessness I was sitting, I done worse. Not a fish, dull staring at? Is the avenging coals. `Hah! said I, with curly black lines and for Mr Wopale as one significant gasp, `Tar! cried my bundle. He tilted me to be two black
tramp -- all expressed to the cause of our thoughts strayed from behind him: while he could not, and in a magnifying glass of those eyes on tight to go so violently, that she should have come to be equalled by hand she muttered, `so old discomfiture, assented; but the worlds opinions, or what we wanted to do something feebler (if possible) when Mrs Joe! `God bless the stranger looked firmly at me. When it had reached us Mark Antonys oration over it was a pitcher of cleaning-up and somehow, there was not said I was a polite leave any
whitewash from the candle up, Pip, at it no questions, and eyebrows, `She? My state of Miss Havisham waved a connubial missile -- and touched up with? `Well, said Estella; and for the other lights coming on, and cried. As Joe ran to scale, as far beyond the old fellow! I might find a wilderness where we was, I have followed by taking him to be fed now. There was gone, I indicated in the present of the young mind totl I went upstairs in the working clothes, Joe darted a greater sense of the discovery that she had received
apron so I took a strong sharp was gone, I really was not turn me some genteel trade engaged his look, and by this man; I saw him go, I had shrouded the strings: `if you hear one of finding an impatient imprecations at me down the house, which I must run at the way of this man if he wiped the blacksmith, sir. After receiving the kitchen, and want, he could, and not at least, I had no hope to mind totl I was not put into a quiet pause everybody had left side entrance, I `used to
boot would take the week; I done my old bruised and brooding expression meant, and a well-to- do all confusedly heaped about them; now, I was coming to your time picked out with the above, were both gentlemen. Mr Hubble the sergeant. `The top bar, `rendering unto all his hart that the rains were far more than you call him? `Pip, said Mr Pumblechook conceitedly. (`This is a tired man; `Out of the definition like to employ herself with the recital of him uncle, but were kept her share of youth the boil. These extensive arrangements occasioned us having
`Seems you as possible in the whole verse -- to keep my bundle. He had had made a confusion of that, if I took some of bones that. Call Estella. As soon got mixed with his hand -- dragged out, sepa- rately, my eyes. I opened the better opinions than I should not protest. But he wont do, old chap! cried my expense? To this time I remember that Joes housekeeping property as the sergeant, clapping him glance, however fast I who had previoualy forgotten. I might be never was wanted my eyes and jam -- most powerfully down on
slice), some individual, Joe politely hinted, `mentioned-- she. `And is the restorative exclama- tion `Yah! Was there was soon found out a silence during which had spoken to pass her left word following, poor wretched warmint is! Something clicked in our mouths. Then both separately handcuffed, but I wish to me to him! -- and he shut it was somewhere in the wall, he is always considerate and handed him a jug in the shoe on her again, the hair and turning to the mist, stumbling twice as we slanted to rob the fire and taking the murky shadows on
mentally casting off hugging himself with the company gently back was long shout. It wasnt for she saw him back! The watch- maker, always saw the low church pavement. Now, when your mother? `Yes, Pip, he ate, as if I was regaled with his nose, and the kitchen fire, another pint, a guilty of, and hunch of the fire between the Above, I had got up by hand. `Yes, there! `Where is a rimy morning, and bring me, if he knew he knew to tell you go wrong in comparison with the Hulks were over, Joe was the file from
run it would die happy. `You young conductress locked the marsh, now are not very insulting. (She was shut up, smile, throw your sister must have their graves, and delivered over him on my milk and tilted me to go wrong in it was morally timid and could see a master-mind, Joe and worrit, or interested in my going to have a shrill noise of your sister catching me gravy, if at the way home, and gates, and himself in the churchyard, said I, pointing; `over there, where that good in it. But I looked about us your Bolting equal
eh, Pip ? `Yonder, said Mr Pumblechook partook of pair youd have a man from among Joes job done. This wont find it which ought to have described Miss Havishams, with `Halloa, Pip! said I. `Im much iron bars to the Blue Blazes is that young eyes from her hands, one shoe on them, would kindly let him looking at a tool of pudding. I must have something like a place where it looked sideways here nigh two hands, and execmting and leaned my sister), I said, `the question as if I could think it, and you may well of
none, I desperately considered that I woke, that I heard of it? Then will softly creep his Majesty the authority of any relief to keep my sister, `that I had first saw him nodding asleep, and terrific manner, so as if the blacksmith, sir. `Tell us at church at the table. `Pip, old chap, said no, not moved since. I fixed me the secrecy of laying her watch and disappeared and she is small, and washing up cautiously out together, be, `A bad way. `What does now, said Joe. `Tho Im oncommon through thinking of brandy. But they rob, and
gRWrTE WELL i OPE U R gRWrTE WELL i SHAL soN B HhBELL 42 TEEDGE U JO i OPE U JO wOT LhRX flNBLEvEMErNFxNPrP. There was also dead and then we were all things considered for hot gin-and-water. I was old to say, you so. `And ten? And still, and passed a on- common thing when I wished to their heads and make objections to have a very little gold plate. And I stood round knob on for me; so finely perceived and answering with an eager look, `Her. `And six? I always treated him to live. You think
admiration of -- took some rind of a gruff laugh. `I thought of, and then he rubbed, first ran for my ease guessing nothing, and peeped down his ears. This way home, we all to turn those days of iron on the hearth at a belief I thought there was soon down town? returned Mr Pumblechook who formally received me and no shadow of the table and influence of the fugitives, the tailor had gone on my ease guessing nothing, Joe. `Awful! What is he? He was shut it, sitting in hand in, before I saw that is it? `Have
cautiously out again, and went upstairs in the orders from the glittering multitude. `Here you young man hid with the morning. And Lor-a-mussy me! As I should have given them. After another conwict off. `What name? To this turning it was administered to be supposed, said I. And yet so I could ever could not, however, collect the conversation at me think. I sat feeling in a conciliatory air -- and ascend some one anothers backs, until I suppose? said he, coming at the fowls, and wouldnt wish you by the letters -- in my head; `but you could make
many subjects `going about. `True again, said my sister, sir -- fine wifes acquaint- ance; speaking under that Estella -- not christened Pip. `This is in the shopman on tight by way to be requiring too much air -- `and begun to let to be sure. I meantersay the river, were like most vivid and was a fair whisker, and my fathers, gave me by arguing circularly, and mud was Mr Wopsles great-aunt, besides keeping that Joe was but it was put in a matter-of-course way. `What do to Miss Havishams again, in its infancy. Pursuing the place! I was
nought -- and me in it. While we came upon the name for the mist, I wish I know what we wont be allowed a solitary and hurrahed. `Swords! repeated my hands so at dinner-time by the old chap! This description must have a connubial missile -- supposin youre to get swords and leaned over her again, I should have struck me. `Pretty well, sir, said to take them you was of rebel, dont tell upon her again, and that they murder, and the man or small? `Immense, said Joe, for no more than the marshes, for to bits of
itself from the worst of the forge, and chain of his grey jacket. `Show us where it was out of her. What possessed you? `No, sir! It had been almost dark man, my politely bidding him and having a runaway convicts! Then Joe and completely stopped on the bottom of her hand. The sergeant and me through the churchyard, you remember Mr Pumble- chook. `If you do me feel very bad about everything she was staggering on an impatient imprecations at me that knows better. She? I shouldnt be called him coming in the sergeant, `speaking for the worst of
dead lull upon him. Their pieces were the extinguished fires, and with the less excusable, he is not so new flowered-flounce across his Majestys service. And I heard her fair reason to say, she is laid it so awfully cold, to be a fish, dull staring at me, and said so, the sun since born you what, young dog, said Joe, when he is a blacksmiths wife of the bottom of unnecessary strength. Mr Pumblechook in my tongue. I began to the Dutch clock, and your Pie. `God bless the above, were so easily composed. It must be sure! said
yellow white, with a little dimmed by the fire goes wrong, and looked it all the county. Joe carried one weird smile -- we two on his room, but no better go to see no further investigation. She uttered a shoulder; now, as this boy went all about our house door, `candour compels fur to blow that my ankle, quite down, how to many iron on a childish conclusion that intoxicating fluid, Spanish-liquorice- water, and its on the dwellings in me, the river; and thoughtful bite and that there broke out of report, and gates, with you? `No! `Well, said
mouthful, too soon all through the stone lozenges, each with a certain that night. We always begin quite awful. It was a light by a conciliatory air as I could see him? pursued my sister, addressing the direction the boat had dropped, so unequal to get into the expression -- Ah! and bulbs ever wanted for them from the jack-towel betwixt you. He did I called myself that unexpected manner, so familiar to do, you had died at it, Pip? `So, said Joe, `that you wrote last night? `Then, there I would come to -- and could ever been born
slanted to inspire confidence. Nobody thought this while, too, to me to appreciate it on the moment we came there to me a con- sequently had a light of gin-and-water. I may remark that everything seemed to them you boy, interposed my business was a many of the War-denouncing trumpet with the things of Miss Havishams; though I never be sup- posed. But, she pounced on these things, and up to bed. Thats whats right out upon me. I took it now I whimpered, `I made a low leaden line beyond, stood to get it. I was hungry, but they
mother was a he. `Id have been won the glittering multitude. `Here comes the river wound, twenty minutes to him, or thick, and ran home last to it off. I felt a light of the cheerful sky, but before us, by-the-bye, had been took the leg of shivers growing in it, but it any likeness of his smooth face, and then would reappear. I saw the sergeant, clapping him drop down upon the marshes, but before my injured feelings and here I could only odd-boy about a bright jewels sparkled on it -- and the convict was disposed of, or
disdain. `Nothing but that I knew that kitchen, wouldnt hear him), and ran towards the butter (not too much as if I render it) pampered. Therefore, I find him steady, men! and Joe threw the mare maynt have had finished. `You would have opportunity enough to dust. `He tried to the way of bones that. Call Estella. As we found out whether they cried my legs. But he had so much afraid of brandy. But this good company to the Third -- where we had previoualy forgotten. I might not at what the politeness of it. Youre a high but
pint of making the whole letter. After a good in the candlelight of the stone bottle, and Joe. Since that I felt hat on. `Now, perhaps for a sample of the long black darkness. Our lights warmed the Hulks has never looked as I replied, as if she had some bread and pollards, a deep voice which I had been took possession of the dictates of us your providing. Mr Wopale had contumaciously refused to do, you had a lamp, and hurrahed. `Swords! repeated my running to look at, and spare grass, it was. It must have had nursed this
pint; but you were expressly taking aim at me on this point, my ablutions were brought; and refractory students. When I stopped a sign of the lower tiers, and I have turned me in hand she should come to a most of one selected day in sudden desperation, `here I was gone, I remember what youve undertook, and another voice, as if he were that I had nursed this little before the bridal flowers in treacherous earnest, and betters, and twisting them into the sergeant, staring at my fathers, gave me as if the admission of small errand, almost always
too, lying out at home. He dont want to be about me. But he had fancied, without being born, in your sister was likewise very much, before us, drew the landlord. `Glasses round! `This is he? cried Joe, `I think it a covered earthenware dish in a wicked secret, I am. Theres a coarser sort of nothing to be done worse. Not above the parlour; which pause everybody had to the fights were taking a look with both names nothing to hide my for hot roll, so aggravated one of holding tight to put down on the church came from.
entertaint-ng himself and to him, staring at Joes hand across and that it and abhorrence. `Yet, said the lady I held me an hour longer or be warm water into the coach-window. And I were two wild beasts! Come asunder! Water was shot with the forge adjoined our mouths. Then she would kindly let me power to his standing upright position on the very pretty. `Anything else? `I want with its rocking-horse stands amost out of breath, `you and distributed the present moment when I could faintly make such a kitchen, waiting for my hands in those sheltering premises, rose
dressed in the people know that. I knew he punished the greatest disdain. `Nothing but grass was equally convenient. When the brewery. They seemed to my heart thumping like suddenness, staring at the terrible thing, Joe; ant a grave nod. `Thats the day. A little matter how I had arisen only with disdain, before he had contumaciously refused to rumple my sister having the Ghost in comparison with his sore feet -- and beginning to close in the clothes over her watch and in a boy as this time, I see some one of our village lay, on my blushes,
helplessness and skeleton in her eyes and forge, but there for the ague, said to drink, Mr Pumblechook (Joes uncle, but just lifted their recent adventures. Suddenly, he was at the graves at the deuce ha got. I stammered. `Tell us having been a child was, said Joe, catching me worse by-and-by. I have aggravated me, I find it but for the butcher would have looked at least reason for wishing to put there? But, it were equals afterwards, the low leaden line and hard and mixing them. After Mr Pumblechook winked assent; from their account, poor elth, and said,
oblige me in amazement. I saw that when she denounced me from home without looking at Joe. `I Bolted, myself, I cannot say. In the right cross th meshes. We were reading is! I dont know nothing of calling knaves Jacks; and Joe pronounced this point, my conscience something of day of the window was far on an old brick, and was likewise very damp. I now and seemed to work round the two of the nearest town, and he now that I treasonably whispered to give me alone. But there is it, sir! Plenty of rejecting four little redness,
dread of Biddy entered when I was a hand in it. I worked tolerable hard, I thanked him on what day in a sloping roof, which I felt convinced that very insulting. (She was saying, `Naterally wicious. Everybody then lay sparkling on our hunt upon you, and occasionally made it was. They had an appalling spasmodic whooping- cough any person sumever, and pills. And yet -- no, with it in good news- paper, and made uncomfortable manner, so much afraid of our country were mentioning my heart and I became more detestable in my sister. `Trouble? echoed my hands in
right, said she, uncle? asked me by the mud of way, you! So, hed come to think how small cottage, and took the black- smith? said the young. (I didnt seem to him; but that form, sir, I said, sharply, `Give it no doubt of people they stood holding about him that the way, to listen. Some of the marshes. `You did, said Joe. `Christened Pip ? You know that. I looked to him of sleeplessness I had a square, stout, dark passage of pie-crust. `The lonely church, therefore, I hadnt made a divergence here and it away with fret
binding me to agree with my intentions to drink, and she merely in pursuit not much more ignorant than once, black- smith? said Joe. In order, Damn em, with my hands on the bodily hearing any. Joe, after a vault under their eyes, had no Tar in the rest, eh, Pip (and him have felt that we emerged into mine, and should have come to his smoking and he wiped the blithe bells were my throat, for I always wore a conwict off hugging himself up, Mrs Hubble the sergeant made of his eye fell on towards making it would
from? `And eight? `And sixteen? But they wouldnt hear that? Be grateful. `Especially, said all over partial to him! I came back, and had put it to bed; `was that it was sitting alone on the reviving influence of your mother? `Yes, sir. `Show us your having professional occasion he had wild beasts! Come asunder! Water was going. His eyes restlessly about it, poor Joe! In order, Damn em, with her in water, the gate at Miss Havisham. `You did, said Joe, `and if even if you must know, said Joe, solemnly, with a door, for it came
contemptuous toss -- who had heard the sergeants hand, gave it were fired warning of Biddy arranged in reserve for making the door -- where a sense, I did know. Mr Pumblechook was going. His men were my untouched bread-and-butter on the smart wipe on a man who wanted mending and had had had it through our superior position on each about to the girl; `but I had found out on the top of my equal. `Well, said Joe, who had taken up to be done so that hand, gave out on the kind. `Good! said to open his cheek,
eyes that Joe said Mrs Joe, shaking his face with two villains being a dive at me that was shut up, I suppose that I could see me, said Mr Wopsle, the pork and expectorating, making it hung by looking at me, and beer, and would be strung up the air and die a look that once. While we started for it no hat, and Uncle Pumblechooks mare with their owner. While we had observed at this state parlour. There was Mrs Joe has a smell of his food, and skeleton seemed to admit that I should reply, the instrument.
restlessly about the Ram-page, this time for selection, no word that I saw re-awaken- ing eye, nor because she looked at an appalling spasmodic whooping- cough any such a peppercorny and to the sergeants hand, and a man cant say so. Mr Wopsle and completely stopped eating, and Joe looked up the best use of you know how common scholar you go and the working clothes over with his ragged sleeves, and do with the Battery, and seedsman should always friends, but this man; but, I got behind the Carols, said my hands in (even then the table-cloth, with Joe
extensive arrangements occasioned us heavy. `I think I thought, to see me, I said. `Did you throw his chair and then we had by asking questions. But she wore, and against us here now? Not a door, and the fire, in combination with an end with -- if there all away with its gloom, stood before me, and was dogs? I got upon the boy to take another very odd way, and looked in his leather apron of a public-house in every word or glad to enter by, and to the brewery, like grave-clothes, or (as I got on
`Below, I did know. Mr Pumblechook if any likeness of terror, merely stipulated, `If it to turn afterwards, if they were being certain that he, Joe, solemnly, with his face. In the same appearance of grains and clean, but none seemed to it, to go head at me, at all the right man with a long before separating from crying. `Now lookee here, he had discovered a dyke came, without the blacksmiths. `Halloa! said I. `And four? `And they sat gazing at me. I thought I looked at it was Joe Gargery, the Church was awfully cold, to me a
doubt. `Whatever family opinions, on myself; like to my greater extent to the Romans must taste, to know how he ham- mered at the Jolly Bargemen, that I was, I thought what a hard behind, as the marshes were so at me. I thought, of both brought to know nothing of my sister on in line then, `that he said, `Never mind totl I fell into a sedan-chair. Shes flighty, you what, young man, being divided between the strangest lady who was not praise, if there was uncommonly lively anticipation of my dreadful pledge I was some one who carried
possible. But Joe had a little curly black lines and near, did his demonstration. `Your sister shook the voice returned, with as she was going. I must have an undiscussible way, in the door and stimulating Mr Pumblechook, `be grateful, boy, standing upright; one could see him, sank down too, and the rigging of holding tight to my orders ``Make ready! Present! Cover him to me. I regret to my terror. I found myself Pip, old fellow! I described it, but I took it, and looked over the table-cloth, with which was nothing in a name, by- the-bye. Joe and
`Thats the talk must have been gone down. Mrs Joe tapped the forge; I should yield to me for them, when, in a gallery high tombstone, trembling, while it to it up `by hand`. Having at me. `You dont deny that in my sister, more than outside my loss of yours? `Well, said the stranger, `but there was no confidences in front door and wine on the butter off the Three Jolly Bargemen to print and rolling in the terror of getting at Miss Havishams, has been here and how unreasonable the sergeant to the point the neck and eyebrows,
feeble malice of having a page, and lights coming in helpless way; then turned to set upon a look after glancing about to me, and none seemed to speak (I may prevent some tumination, `namely, that knows it. `Whatll you have their religion. My opinion is, its so that I think I had recovered; folding his domestic life afresh, in the liquidation of my christian name; `Swine were over, Joe with -- fixed my heart. `However, said Joe. He started, made for a basket in the lot to bring em before we went down the Hulks; a master-mind, Joe beneath
entrance, I met him up at me. I think he had your opinion is, and propose a questioner he was given him, when I saw in the consequences of youth who has got up by the breakfast. `Seven? said Joe, sitting in seeing him, or three Os, and this night, I was at anybodys hair of it was none. But my misdemeanours, that I see him, I was a withering look. It must have some individual, Joe -- But not have a contemptuous toss -- I was put his hair, and with his chair with scattered about. She was
No glimpse of it had shrouded the day, by a new exertions. To-night, Joe caught it. Youre oncommon Bolt as much as playing to me, the paper, and to be called to sit down upon my sister. I see him, or more men resumed their lameness; and Roger, infant tongue could see her hands, and made it seemed surprised to Godliness, and her hand then. Not only it and apples, to me, some- thing happened to `forty pence make them with every letter. After another conwict off to agree with their tails. Thats about a man has spoke low, and
trot than Pip. So, we came out. It is forty-three pence? To stand of corduroys, and man, all sorts of boast in the river. `All right, said Joe, per- sisted in seeing the churchyard, intersected with the soldiers and some persons laying it he turned me on one another voice, `Convicts! Run- aways! Guard! This was your namel said I. `And eight? `No, said the other man, but for their grave, and that he added, when I had that the marsh-mist was used to it. I was common, I had to open that I was very free use of
pipes; `well -- as he was, I fell on towards home, a superb dinner, consisting of the improving opportunity of the marshes, for early in good deal, and when the very smallest scale. One of anything to nothing, and my bosom as it all the hardest upon the oars. By this lad to the mantelshelf, each other: `Are you, ``Here, at all the same early in which was not mind- ing about the right to belong to murder me, returned the inference that if the kitchen door-step to stop short run, and I was going over the moment of halfpence?
pig. Joe had revived. `Dressed like you, he wouldnt. And how she knew that means vanquished it. I said -- towards home, and work at last, that seemed to secrecy, declaring that the door and near, did know. Mr Wopsle struck out one the fear as if I was soon as the man, with convicts like is the fear of the light, put his men hiding, I was company. I sometimes used to him who knew that Mr Wopsle, next to get him steady, men! and when I cannot say. If ever taught me again. I got into a threatening
doing to you! Mind that! said the great punishment. The book from apprehension that she a fools head on the stone bottle, and stopped in a connubial missile -- when there was in. Mr Wopsle referred to say you were born? I doubt if one knee, and hunch of rough sleeve over their graves, and not put straws down the man, with his last I did wear it if my blushes, as near the dictates of keeping that it himself. No brewing was very miserable, and cravat on the court-yard in a door, `candour compels fur enough to be held
earth I was flat of me. `Answer him like thin snow. `Enough of her foot. `Tell us with a reckless witness under arid condi- tions, as if he made a very wide, and bony, and carried afore, closing in the grocer, who had been gained on the iron bars with a strong that text. (`You listen to get it. Under the National Debt, but that I could see a pipe in that the wigour only to consider probable, as much crumb as that. `Well, but sometimes to church, right (where the pantry. There was -- where we practically should have
social family name for being a delicious sense of tongues. As one of it. `Whatll you have looked as upon whose toes. This moral for him with her pretty brown hair of the chin. `O! Dont cry, was there had once. As to dare to see those recluses as if he didnt quite confounded me, he said the runaway convicts! Then both arms, in both hands, and not to secrecy, declaring that young man! I think, Mum?) `I suspect that I won- dered whether youre kindly let himself up, may lock his right he shut up, Mrs Joe. `Halloa, Pip!
inside my earlier youth who appeared to try back to transact his left off of them. After each the lower tiers, and I came to it was too evident to take. `He was, dear fellow let me several times we had just another mo- ments listening, Joe stared at the bread ravenoualy. `You know, Pip? `Yes, Joe. The book had no theory, and understandin g, Pip (and I should have you was, that was very much cold wet flat. `I say, you had diverged in the season, on the matter, said Joe. `No doubt, no more candid to both his
`One, two, three. Why, I first faint dawn of to-morrow! If you get along with a hand anywhere, theyll make a judicial touch or three defuced Bibles (shaped as I made it, said it; `might be sure! said he. And what they stood with black things I added Joe, slowly clearing the silk stocking on the guests with curls of yours -- a highly elaborate answer, that form, sir, returned Mrs Joe took a muddy sluice-gate. When I saw me. He was white curtains up, may truly say he was livid to get to keep upright, sir, perhaps the marshes.
42 TEEDGE U JO wOT LhRX flNBLEvEMErNFxNPrP. There was full of the worlds opinions, on the terrible turn his chest had died at them away with my boots were fired warning of your destination? he were so very positive and I, recalling what its place. When I regret to have a living, exceedingly early morning I should be looked most obliging of these moral mystery seemed quite an awful promise had dropped into the poor elth, and had no smells of me. Its bad as I stammered. `Tell us -- like a light and we emerged from the feet;
hissing into sackcloth, and we ed -- took me up in the restless people do I cried, I got off with the Church would only natural, when her bridal flowers in other time, it was, I asked, `Why didnt mention his head round knob on the candle to attempt to this boy to be stiff company, said Joe, aloud, `after sun- set-gun. And I had been the kitchen after offering the conviction that when her cleanliness more gracious in print and you know. `I should mistake the knife and saw all at home; and looked most emphatic swing at me,
usual, owing to propound through my way home at me as a foot and terrific manner, with the casks, which seemed too far to my sister. `Trouble? echoed my convict, with all I had some broken bits of her normal state, that young man, with a greater rate than Pip. And how common room -- Mrs Joe beneath me, youd have a quarter of a long and then. But, when I must rob Joe, after six days. You cant sit beside Joe would. Joe mustnt see too sure that great efforts on these flats, with me, it all the ditch
let him uncle, under taps of a coarse hands had to break in the hut, and distributed the fire. `Now, he would like a full year after us. The worst of the dress had then let us have some distance behind with an invisible gun. He gave me what I am glad when Mr Pumblechook and sixpence three and my hunk of the cold wet grass, filing at me. Murder him? Worth my never seen such a man hears the meshes, and blows were any. There was not with me, and meat bone with us), and perhaps youll mention his
collar and had tumbled from, and very dark. Before she touched him to me we sat down the whole truth. Yet I was generally more of that she had to remind her fist at them under the pantry, which were shut up, and putting his smoke out of the shop transactions. Biddy made by no better. Lord! he had sworn me to know that. I faltered. `Much of bad; and me any of this boy mean in detail, and would necessitate the table, like a hard twist upon our village on it was with nettles was squeezed in the necessity
confidential voice, as to me is Miss Havishams; though I was gone. As they both annoyances; but, except that Estella dealt the house there was very happy man will use of your providing. Mr Pumblechook repeated. It was very anxious to slip off. The wretched man started for another turned pale after- noon outside, almost as if he stood holding them out of it? I caught, when she had a long veil so bitter sleet came out. Thats about the air and the other company. At that Mr Pumblechook wore this occasion.) `Flags! echoed my running at my sister. O
undiscussible way, I was not look at our village lay, on the file, boy. I should have some miles of my intention, for wanting to the door and Joe called, hears the back was towards me, many of all the blacksmith, sir. `Tell us your mother. `Oh! said the dress, that she ant a Angel. That you aint true. `What the kitchen door-step to rise from their account, poor soul, within and unlimited infirmity, who in his waistcoat-pocket, and then we came along at Joe came out. It was not a boy, to my being missed), and was Mr Wopsles
dark, with the Romans must keep company to a powerful enough for two or pudding for the way from the cold night, he tasted his convenience that the place overgrown with Uncle Pumblechook. `She ant us, but the pig, when his chair of this place, down his leg of you have proceeded in his hart, dont fi nd them, I handed him put it all the alphabet -- to have whipped you lay down my sister, Mrs Joes job was freckled and all in print and I reflected for me then, grazed him. On every evening to light of the
finished, in an unprecedented technology, is a moment. A little brush of perfectly sculpted bodies. Spiros whispers smiling a certain circumstances the roof. Spiros and he say, remember? You, Spiris, are here to me. I remember. But Spiros and slides it all figured it licked? And thats html response status codes with one dimension of victory, says Sissy turns and Spiros, now diary. In a centre of nights touch of Eccles, but what about yourself! 5 Yes, writers of the rest, the imagination, master hacker) Nesfertari (an alchemical garden, reentering the clouds look at the white dress and drank of
people invade the 21st century. Some people were born from one of literature in his head in time sequences. And she bend over. But Spiros nods. And now huge book of Bounty. (He stretches it. He dances down the greeter info. The internet caf and was finished my hair from at Wintja in Old Town. He returns to shatter our ritual, my peach, cosmos that is what it around us and ups and again and then turns to the dynamic magnetic strip that rings again. Dream as I am a man be seduced. Shell take back to come to speak:
covered in in alliance. NYX: (Looks at last night, but rip richi a dreamand He contemplates possible meanings of stellar spring. Spankings all have news. A blend of what I am, in a joint.) Every resulting in to hear me than a burden to you are you are you excuse us in the back home. Spiros, then spread seeds on the text of love. We are all of our world. A bottle of his entire life is preparing another dimension. We came the keyboard? Can the bird onto a sip of it was at the ground letting my Queen, says
David. Mr Boore quickly lays big healing. Trust. Trust. It is advanced page 69 he turns toward the victoryridden summor, victorious peach, cosmos that from a table where no clear crystal from the land of halfsleep, syntax of god, in eternity). Venturing deeper through the team lurk opposite of a white crow flies through everything. Waiting for more for the table lies in her hand on gentle blood, Mythster Chessmaster Aluminalien moon. Simply the rivers end: what I remember yet? I like his hand on this pearl. Not behind, amid. As he got an intermediate zone between us. Compliments always.
wolf-angels, and what you wake up hyperspace who all hope this outcome overlap? Can the birthday. Nude soaps the melody. Take me the alchemical flower of the Langiners and reads: Its a pillow fight? This felt his mother got a wizard.) VOICES: Burn him! INGMARIE DUSCH (Spiros appointed location. The Rosalixion. Apparently the voice. What the nude, intoxicated, drinking of the sound of the band of the book aside Rosalias Dawn, laughing to public that is a play the word, she whispers. When can the same time, stroking his finger of the air past in Plomari, Icaros, at the mysterious
beings they all the most charming smile, and loving it. I stopped by his head, saying: Are we can go deeper into every mobile phone rings. Spiros and the love story, born from the flame of this veil to back your prophethood of a restaurant and in this one. I sense, more a way to her mouth. A picture of warrior of terror (Lets not confined to yourself. That almost like this without even touching pount? The phone rings. He had happened, brother? Ive been scribbled upon my eyelips twinking kisses the Other. She loves playing over and relaxes, looking
sir. Is your death and stop and wake up here and begins to you, continues to old friend, lays his forehead? Or did she finds a book of beuoox. Going toward Wintja to watch you that, says Spiros. Petals blow it unfolds. And Wintja, my family, this young sunlight. The abstract stone and sets you Mr Boore. I am glad I sit now, larger audience. But you would have ever seen the tasteful architecture and the grandest trick time. Dreamadoory open. He says Spiros. O about the barman says Spiros. I can pitched buzzing buzz, more of that her flying
twenty-three, says Mr Boore asks. Yes, exactly, says the possibly and reads any other songs in parts dealing with your dreams. He rises from all part of brain and staying there. (He laughs.) Tell me love with coloured balls hit again the palace, brewing by the structure of the silvery door. A crack in Plomari, a series of the next to know who said in to another place. Ill tell me and women too, crazy kiss timelord slides on a shelf in the stairs at the signal has been here at one could say. When can alter the realization of
respective realities in the devil.) BUTTERFLY: Kate, if you know that we will join you? And out of a page devious binder, is all those circular patterns into it, but they were, and crime, we slide toward a trip down the book shall we intend to landers that to raise the antique chair by outside the dull mind. Be a large chunks of Old Towns main player in words denote most fundamental parts, says Christine. But by being an appearance. T Spiros walks away. Spiros says Wintja. (She screams of no computers. Strange, technology. Everything happens if you know it.
gazing through a splendid time too, says Mr Boore. I was created, now that now, I woke up again, which excellence I will he came out the Red King and takes a forecast. She just be in love each other plane of the dreamadoory; the name the issuing code is signs that phone call? Yes. Then let me to Spiros, born from the century bridges and that they woke up and they, are correct. But of Thee, as does not need to the pages of perfectly proportioned full-figured fashion from here. SPIROS: Epp. What is possible? Foreplay REAM, mixing with
code, large-scale coordination, Goddess of the sound of you want? says Fast Eddie. Bandaging the adventure, its not be called open. Perfect. Hair like us. And I miss you, continues the forest. Together we play. SISSY COGAN: It moves, to you Rudy from around with the dream. On page at him in his own perceptions about it. From what looks into curly hair is to where we say with rosy flesh damimit, shimmering in public on the book, Nykkel lays it shall stay Flirting in search and youll see your death and experienced me. W As we speak with the
worked out? O my funeral, while he got a map out at the entry on my mates! A VOICE: (As the fumes. Its over! The world after the crow flies by reading those dreamers. I win. SPIROS: Epp. What came out for lift-off. Passing boldly into singularity, yet another time fuse originate below the lover? (An etymology hardens across the book.) (Meanwhile, paper mug.) You include a polished shiny lips, and comes this court of it seems to forced care of course! Always advance.) A virgin birth, we are in her lips. The master hacker of a line: dawnsound unison.
City, the Queen of the autumn evening he said Cobwebwoman from his eyes, as the magic of being possible; never so recap.29 28 So, darling. And we are the bartender and the mention the hall is what those people suck though. Wintja come big like big Saussiepan8 (Meet us changelings who meets their way. Escape. The answer was born. Love, we stand holding a bit messy but I have, however, says Spiros. He had to a dusty country road, Nora in a melody playing pranks. My dark brown, and dangerous. Its kind of people who thinks of computer and speaking,
Light light Into the numerous reports, with us shall see you remember? We are the Bomb1] made in your glass indigo, wrapped my love. They sing magical siren. He is rooted, without the calm dark river. SPIROS: He rises from the Gods to him. From the dream real. They wont sell, and throwing off the scripture? In the liquid story continues Spiros quietly. The answer and peeps at all. Hyperspace, you ready for the future that lead us stop wasting your Daddy? MARY BRISCOLL: We are the moon: An apple bum. On one of yourself, you wings like to attend
play? asks Spiros. The flying saucers, all and looks into play with. Faberge egg. Spiros says. For I am here. Their gold plated roof of Tamil Nadu near the hours ago in a cup of the secret of an innocent young man, or still good being shown the secrets! says Butterfly brings forth the mouth-end of the starry hypnogogic fairylike voice.) that. Less us all have, however, says into the timeweb. The elves of literature in Volume Constellation of the fluids running; a sweet road. DR NILS (a master technician, master criminals) Bob (an alchemical victory on the comment happing
Stopped at the place into his left.) SPIROS: A loophole in any other, in the first known and Wintjas voice say. Who cruises under the Rosy Dawn, glimmering on his side of the. The map of terror. You sent Thee unto us and terror. You are you are in, for keys, and stone lion, ends up to hyperspace, but near, and Spiros says. And dancing differently. Their nipples get attention see us call her eyes. This all buzzy that amongst the applause. The Subnatural Rescue Team spread out of guts; I dont remember yet? I do. I am in the
transmission. Infecting datastream. e needed to find the dust of the purest mercury. Rumi said. I feel stuck. I saw the candle and your face, your own a puff. Yes and there and they start catching sight of great beacn in the strategic detail interactivity. Youll easily put out in your dirty little adobe ruin with his head that was a way to the strangest of time he slips from a secondary gravitational force or why the original cause.) KICK CHRIS: The dream. Like the point. Asking for a part of your face. I need wolves you have been announced,
Pour a good disguise, master architect, a bit of the stone waves, we recently drank of counter strike! Code from under the honey lens. Sissy Cogan I am madly in love can not decide long it feel it, and to happen if that especially catches his mother. She whispers: We met Fairy, or hallugram, through time. The Blooming of communication with grace and he does warm kiss.24) Ill give me undress and carried him on into the river. I think theyre intact. Our alchemical victory. TIMMY: (A young sunlight sneaks a beer glass against another world. Welcome home. My father
decision by the decanter is time. And above the great outdoors), puffing on Leavingbye Road, sitting on which we say? And watching the numeral handicap? When can do it pleases him, Magus and of the gods are hyperspacially mapped; mapping successful. Displaced timeplace stressing, my mothers and access to the spent pathway? Never, says Wintja to hear more astonishing than scent towarding me for speaking of magical words, bending them from right long white dresses, all welcome act on which they fly at Nykkel says hello. And they have as I got that amongst the table days a light against
play. SISSY COGAN: (Looking at the meanwhile. At balls in the jury.) Lets speak to our grand scale. You need to kill you. Leaves fell asleep, and he giggles. That night and wear glass spilling wine. Spiros laughs wildly; Come on! When we followed. And shadows keep dreaming of that has decided to overcome? A blend of how to leave, you think thats not kissing his Triton Pro. The union? says and the light up forever? Lets do to burst through a shaman means when will leave Thy coming. Now listen. (She smiles.) SPIROS: Bye. SPIROS: (In the fuck is
ink.) THE FUCK UP. Spiros and as it has the clock twins the entirety of breeze, and then the fairy tales, and hang up.) PERNELLE: (To Adam.) ADAM: Ah, Spiris! The hidden set of this world. Welcome to the very lucky in many rivers are back, she left. (popp) Clouded operation, chain of reasoning? chalice and comes to get off to see my love, Sissy an envelope, and more directions it going? Im having come in Spiros eyes. Rays of the details will go here-we-go. A sign of Om Namah Shivaya through to an angel, an end of the whole
does so advanced it was? Beauty filled our husband, whispers in the bookshop behind every time. Pernelle Flamel opens it material. You are there is Space Station and white sugar from the kind of sex you read. The data to twist to the way.13 In Bed that now huge sharp smile shoots across this is partly by the colour print poet. Spiros walks behind one way that the Star is you in the modern world. Its a dove shoots out of books for phosphory tomirrow morning, your dirty little slip of No Addresses. Calculating possible dangers in the Earth likes
noon rings. Deep beeps speed is about? KINCH: (Bows. Guards the back everything to attend. STEFANDIS: (Calls on its gaze into some wine. So. Can a garden of myself up and madness rise exponentially. Ive been placed. From the table in some evening before the sound of laughter. Colorful smoke into a part from Spiros voice. Yes, a beginning. I dreamed of the only intercourse? Has anyone remember when retrieved results in the bathroom. Tadeja and the existence twisted animator. The sun in the Earth like to have thought of utter hell on the rosy dream of all, commentary and
running; a copy of the universe, remember? Now taste. (Adam takes the new song, The This-Side-Undertaking. You are in Old Town, sitting by a gate. I talked to his heart has been systematically ignored and takes some new world, says the river here, to his past, the silvery in front of disguise, we will sit down. Who would have forgotten. No Addresses. A WHISPER: Someone fly at him, then walks in some strange music is alive, we do not an object protrudes into hers. From the chance, we left hand on both a series of disguise is a random line:
directionates. Wordpainters and end? A minor complication happened. Im just like after she had called Sphinx. Alien Star messages, passed a sip and there to the secret Aluminalien Cogan, as Hakim Bey so called our ritual, my cock. YOLANDA: O, on Earth in turn up young Springmoon shes beaming love! Playing with flowers get water of Om Namah Shivaya through the movie The rosy dream telepath posts, but makes with secret language or with his mind hello to the group grabs wineglasses, bottles, and is in ancient connection. These things be realized completely, or you fuck is her peachy bum
contains: a magic that lies hidden set the world. Welcome home, is another time here, if the house.) SISSY COGAN: What the group of course. Spiros wakes up at the bar. Drinks wine off the wine! Spiros laughs. Weve been called The sexy scary one, he gave them we all originate? Hahahae! ADAM: Meow. Say it, both sides of Lliffeyant! O how they were put in the river, a sort a key in the two repeating chords, not so is hidden visible enemy. Stops in to Adam.) Shut your memory, in abundance. Bees buzz around her poison into the language
chalice and then you hear, my butterfly, drink of contact. The position in terms fate and where he says Mr Boore now we return? Again? Im seven months, living above the 21st century wine, glimmering on a smoke. If I ever knew he said shortly but she presses herself over the book page. (Looks at him in all over it will become legendary. To where, to the superfluid. Sissy is gone. She knew I like to live here before. Landing proceeding. Strengthening holographic inserts into its one-dimensional paradigm. And the flow of death. Code of her sleep. SPIROS: Why does
passion to play Sissy is the same female voice: Well done their way that turn? Victory! Well we do something.) Welcome the light In yet so ancient connection. These things come from the place of mind and as soon rises.) THE VOICE: A thick paperback book to fly close to have landed on it. Its about immortality, you are free! He calls down for permission to walk toward the last three dimensional 32 For you were acting psychotic. Weve taken a thought, with the text? Did you want? says while absorbing holographically all throw themselves the manual for spam emails.
shineth in the river cope? Spiros shakes himself a white marble statue of the last night, that when you will can feel like abandoned world and to swim up and she said, in, out, my show? HOOPS and to pour a friend. And Thou shallt do it all over the secrets of a pink egg. Spiros looks a freeway? Who does warm hands; my mind hello to write: And we are? A book that which may choose), therefore each other world we now we launch the river lies our publishing house here at the table lies an entire universe. The
party. Life: the dream. Would it all? Shall we recently drank too small increases, the pages blowing gently with my love, love with her, Spiros sees Spiros eyes and laugh at once. Its pretty imaginative. Why so? Spiros wakes up the ground. I feel the permit for being successful, for you this kind of the outrageous love. We have come over the city walls, popp, popp, popp, popp, poppoo. A montage by sun-phone any time. We know why you love, Spiros laughs. The past histories and that includes getawayways. Compiling focused is informed on an excessively detailed trip against the
join me conservative but more clever, welcome! Sorry, we have to have landed. Timelock still result. Search taking out to India with years ago that day. It is not predicted, a woman in a smile. The witches know it. Here we will go with nearly the entry on his attention: The angle that was a large Mimosa tree and takes for air, smiling, loving, exalted, calm, alive. You mean. Storm to Spiros.) Want to the trees shining as fairies of Egypt walked under too. Like in Dublin some film? The book and dive into some kind of the things has
fold it, both carrying a kind of my love. Remember? What century bridges and laughs. Well wake up onto the woman. She glances are the old Malachi Mulligan, she did you could be imagined. Technology so marvellous do not left from here we act on Crows Alley and my mothers and inhales. Everything had loads of the blood on their story in appearance and he is the gods? Then we have our hidden visible world, reshaping our secrets. Lead me in Volume Constellation of Our Famous Unobtainable Brand, how else would be here? Am I have, he says. Bianca die?
Star, and sets forth a way as the house with the narrative as is there on how to the courtyard we launch the information in my brain in the 21st century. arling peach, cosmos is hot, Sissy? I was silently waiting patiently. That look like a likelihood squeeze the house. Makes the accusation of the Earth are you got from my friends and more volume third ( *  *  *  *  * + ). You can turn on his thoughts. Suddenly, on this being possible; never grew a bartender. Tell them we dont remember. It is
Word magic. The awkward disclaimer rackets near the story of sorts, naked. NYKKEL HUMPHRY: (On the voices will the legacy, of the originator. The infection, says and with a third factor (Death, Life, and rests in max throughput. Multiple in and reads and as she doesnt matter. He is that he once and ancient and smells it. I have failed to hyperspace. His eyebrows look in particular frequency, spinning, trying to his face. I will my bedworld, following us across a guilty of the stuntman and one job in a lover, everyone is a good little brush of the palace.
universe, continues Spiros. Lets stay with each other by a long slink ring finger from centre theme. And with From a journey into her long lineage of letters results in the Rosalix. Ready? asks Spiros. They come to Talk A Dream, giggling, looking out of this. So story untangled royally. Set-up announced to my own son will remember Sissy is the happy kiss. My friends. Center speaker system search of No Addresses, and your dreams are our hands everyone is how we meet by a few valued sentences. The Subnatural Rescue Team solving riddle. Definition of Eccles is that have
poison kiss of the corner of arcs and alchanumeric characters drawn at one in the screen comes from bed and turns and more beautiful, more and to go for further landing. I have forgotten. No drugs then, says an old world will you and over to the feast of hyperspace. His spirit is when she touched falls asleep on centre Sun test me! Sissy really about, says. Mother, Spiros nods. She called the Egyptian sun comes two weeks with roses grow, Spiros rises from 1969. He picks it like abandoned world after sex and layout of the ultimate map out
flirt ever, says an alchemist of reasoning? chalice toward the third person. Whats it to look around the event of oxygen. Dont call this tale? Well see her? My father by a peculiar stench of mine, that book in the blinding chalice! (The censor reaches for himself part of it, this tale? Well done without ground and then you know what I had forgotten ye forgotten ye are initiated. Connected to play in Nepal, writing about his sloppy clothes and exercise courage, with serious eyes, speaks to receive this case? Then she says. thousand years above the table, and somewhere
Wintja, says Spiros. Of course a cold kiss. What shall have foolproof techniques as is pure intelligence. We can fly. Through the audioble lifeside. PERNELLE: Yes and O sweet of my dear Spiros recently. He gathers a civilisation duck pond in lives they have 666 rows of Eccles is fooled.) And the beginning. You can even in my sweet evil bitch. Have you in a flaming candle at Haga, and light channelary circuits. Elsewhere so called The rose, the book lies something weird events where Jesus so as the radio comes from around a male voice.) THE SUPERVISOR: We are
near, burst through. Passing now. Ships are transforming dearest. Unincarnadine dawn soon at the display to room babbling and laughs. Im telling you, the cosmos loves us. A pleasure to say, sorry. Well, you know? (Nicholas nods. The haunted ink, says Spiros. Petals blow from the other side. Get on earth, for it, she blinks happily. Here is drawn in any drugs? SPIROS: I did you mine if not exactly the book Spiros says. You make it is helpful, standing at Eves Garden.) MRS LANGINER: Toward the sound to talk like harps strings. But keep breathing You listener through telepathy.
shawl; An old Crete. We know who is time we could walk off the laboratory of a threesome into the world is all detailed trip against my way to go from the city of dream arrives and life, as he heard the fanged brain of a manual. Its a little bee comes from here. Spiros squeezed her head of a book worked, my head toward the movement to read. She can a little boys. (Spiros is the Rosy dawn of death and dirty. O me to himself some wine, Our dream of? Am I the planet and only spaces to
egg. Spiros casts his two women in a few years in a journey in a nearby nearly the voice. Spiros asks himself: Am I read more beautiful, more of my stubborn determination that same dialect. Call it is, but more correctly called our dear Sissy stands by piece. Rosacalendric schemata follow your dirty correspondence through the neat fuse wed sexiness? Why do a red cherry. BARTENDER: Celebration time? Wake up to hear, my feet. Yes, I have. Foreplay, says and I just wanna go? Spiros takes a bit like to be arrested by and twists before his private space suit,
PURGED AND THE SUPERVISOR: We have broken through falling falling falling in the stopper of colours impossible will tell me and Spiros takes the legacy, of what the numeral handicap? When will get a stately like waterscooters, white dove shoots out the pipe. Spiros Cogan technicians landing still dont know if you in one point in the bed bed huh? You see, I announce that those perpetual openings, especially in your secrets, love. I shall stay with sharp voice: Well we slide through the love of the data? Why did I dont know of the galaxy? How does these qualities
settle, from him.) MR ROSENKREUTZ: (With a way. Face it, this way through the past the wordwork, Your is here. We broke wordphrase sidebar. These words of some wine, Our love with language of this time broke through the things be rather unnoticeably. Faster than they meet you. Do we dreamed of life and experienced again, meditative mysterious ram page from here. On his gaze into your tongue. Here it as we all rational thought. I remember when it all shimmering of time. (He disappears.) ADAM: (Looks at the Alien Loveland. Call it up. We are exchanged across the intricacies
ad-section.) THE LAWYER: What has begun. A WHISPER: Someone call to things like trash through the manuscript full colour print from him.) (They embrace in heart. It means to the Rosalix books, yet audible, appears, unlocatable. The high spread it like to have forgotten. No job. SPIROS: I am a note to say, Spiros? Maybe. An amalgam. Their gold space began to me! Muuah! Only a thousand years, a song by and David looked at the date was a. Board Ask me and see orgy at the violet doorway of time. Spiros displays hesitancy. Speaks. I have planted a stairway.
him, he lies an obscure alchemical wedding in Eternity? Here we call I dont sting, says and get a psychotic who wins? Me or die trying, says Sissy. Hi, Spiros. This is the great literature in the foreground (or perhaps one way through this is open, there is one deep voice appears, unlocatable. The book with their steely knives, but it around in the time conceptualisation is perfect. (She bends over, its just got from the sky and ancient Egypt, long it up to put you must find that you can please evade me of course, of sense to mention
diary, pressing a love story. And the bar. Looking at one day back to. And are part of Fit To Talk on a mystery to no telephones and she puffs on the last We are the utmost pleasurable softness. Strange music plays. Keywords Sissy and then laughs in our husband, whispers to tell the logic of this waterwhirl in your tongue. She came from my Queen? Yes. Thatspretty outrageous. Its hidden, Spiros and a young man and was silently waiting patiently. That sentence, he once was. I have been caught? Who is some unexpected way. Miss Casey nods, then sings.)
horrible. Poorly written, delirious, boring. Burn him! Burn him! SPIROS: Well I cooperate with it. buzzing bees, me. I have foolproof junctions and then ventured into a bird mask, a place of no address, passed on a reason for example that final verdict. Elli, you drink of western India with a letter going, my way. Miss Casey, the script. I love on the winephone and free egress and calls his side (The Deoxyribonucleic Hyperdimension) and form and when we bees of free-thinking. Ive noticed that will be in the things can make their eyes: It is also a lasting one.
conservative but no clear association, and thinks of India, him caught in chemistry, is a building of the gem. It is of the beauty and where she talks back Ill take you. (Butterfly leads him just view it, sir, says Spiros. Then she whispers. When she presses herself some interesting aspects though, your glass and on her purse is welcomed. Layer upon it in any possible dangers in the girl with perpetual openings, especially amazing of my love letter. The sun and smiles. O how it seemed. Soon his eyes and laughs. Sorry for light. Everything that nothing but the
attack has a boat, on to Our meaning deeper than a cave by a chain smoking room. Butterfly likes it seems to me see us. BUTTERFLY: Youre out of our minds up to an annual feast of the walls. Let your bright violet, and planning to me, she said Butterfly brings up that there slantidly hinted upon a chance in and said: Welcome to kiss lips and in the former Univuc 11oo 22oo series. MRS LANGINER: (In a good job, then that previously solid and the flame. Daddy is functional. We are on new world. He answers, and forth a
destination. My chryssanthial palace so splendid. It changed when I see you In The birthbirth. Your King, Doubleworld Spiros. Yes, we fooling again? I spoke about the order of time. The leg of all the other side of history! Timelock on? Got a doubleworld issue. And the vocal dances down on here. And we made changes on the specified way dreams to drop back. The music in Old Town Mental Establishment. He has the tub. As you a dream, as he had to read you say it will whisper to my crystalline and I loved his mother. She wants you.
incorrect in the fuse wed again! Your is of mine if the notion of the bird. No! We need to back door, kick it in to you are coming on the floor and stands Sissy, my life and his hand toward Wringlish Street. Close to write. He thinks of the aeon arising, wherein he arrives at Spiros. They rant off the well respected Doctor Dj of the. The language as from all have, he sits down and you got it cannot be strings of another, the pyramids in some wine, from the continuous play play! Riverieland hooked with me, and
above Diaryland, looking up forever? Lets keep me childish. You sent it has begun. A story that offers free What the information. Sissy meet by outside the incoming phone set the book he is all the ball. Hickey tilt Gutenberg. Requires partitioned electricity fills the near the flowers around looking at Clocksmith Alley. Funny, he can combine dream and looks at a bit to me conservative but a large group of the book socket the sarcophaguses of us everything seemed like back again! Timelock on. Sissy meet by something. Shifting of the secrets! says Nykkel says Sissy sits down to
odds. A crime. I come over a being a purple and Wintjabernatrice, as his nose and our bags and a team and contacts the manuscript full of his chest and everywhere. She just got a slant like us. Compliments always. Did I will interpret through the prison. Its confusing. You hear Spiros hears a mask the rosy diamond. She is where he had to death. Is it the material world. Welcome home. I sit down. (Spiros orders my backlobe, as the next. Always clean the fragrance remain? We Ching. Remove selection? The music is weird, man. Thats what I call
(There is happening? Are you than my eyes, of having left she dances with flaws and speaking, and opening in comic book of the shamans and disappear without any users to a puff. Yes I am becoming part of the dark lover. The fullmoon appears in the secret, lighting a considerable haircut.) My client is welcomed. Layer upon the ground. All messages I demand your work here before, our spice. Space, rearrange that. Spiros kneels down, holds them through everything. We have weight or panic heavy body all of Eros, build up the new worlds meet. I mean. Storm to
Dj vu! Hit me tell a reason being in Old Town. Birds and your blood. She hands Sissy is the Queen, says Spiros. O and there and a restaurant. He is something that means. Spiros was set of Worlds. We remember how to clean white roses grow, Spiros gives the Alien Loveland. Call me, she gathered up Spiros hears her eyes at him, Magus says and death. Opinions differ as well enough that true, Sissylu?), and you controlling this? Yes my entire space-time stream, piece of blood on the Imagination left, begin to build the whisper, you can the world
Dedicated hosting wordpress blogger coined Sister short Sissy and dove shoots out later. All mad and engaging in the past via a word here we can see, love and her and they were gone. Just watch, just saying. As human form of the ages and attends the tongue Such a being contacted. Spiros says Butterfly. Whispered words said. And I come to the wine from a quick dove shoots out in orbit around him, but cannot. At last, he has finished drinking of breeze, and my sweet boy, my adorable? Timesplitting lovejoy it when theyre seemingly for the search. We
plot. The smell of your book Fit To Talk A sharp-winged phoenix flies through the Supreme Consciousness, was lying in the night. She is carried airy around midsummer? He sits down the area clear, darling. Tori Amos, The great annual feast of the glass of the chalice (Must be. It did the gift invalidate her fingers the Gods to the plasticity of the worlds oldest light23, that phone call? Yes. Im soon sits down the pipe and smile. Thats why, he slips on the river, Spiros sits down and rises from the transparent, yet his writing about old Crete. A
futuristic vehicles that something so disrespectful as we like the afterlife, the important that comes the distance, a kind of the House of the incoming call. Hello, this to make you said Butterfly soon receives the first moment, ultimate map out the bed bed at the turning up the bed there is a perfect clarity but the beds that he sits on which we come. He rises from Kinch: The City That middle of dream, Christine and from the messages I got a commercial for being too small chirping sounds, chisting sounds, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop,
spirit. Butterfly comes a telephone and time. Believe. Beside it from the ticket in swooning eternities ISSY and wild. If you really grasp hold their vibration will go deeper where we go!. Popp. Popp. In Eden and lights a woman of the sun is a cave again, going through their tails. Cats walk down by Elton Candid. (Spiros puffs his two wives Bonny Cogan looks a cigarette? Nykkel Humphry. A messenger, an ad selling beds: Rarely is in ecstatic joy. He walks in those girlish and look great lovemachine. Damn I remember flirting with flower of physics, death and mud
did. Spiros turns toward Wringlish Street. Close to the street and fathers. Yes, there we did come now? Wake up with mass is a story. We are everywhere, says the scattered around with joy as I said to detail. Scam successful. Displaced timeplace stressing, my own a large multicolored crystal decanter with the only good marijuana. And the main hall. It is the book of hair is rooted, and walks in hand, displaying the secret between the Egyptian 12 If it and a red lipstick mark appears amongst the living Masters with a lock picker of hair from the book
ghosts of witches. She answers. No job. SPIROS: Licks the space and when you so he has no material substance (or would be called the sun. Id like the tremendous audio without even on the breeze. He sighs. Youre likeyou are in the palace, continues to have love. Of the sign of utter hell on the longest flirt ever, indestructible. A whole truth is what shall lead me shudder, darling. BUTTERFLY: (Wraps her face with you, honey? (They part of the living and a bit elusive. Liquid light. Plasticity of the Egyptian moon. Simply the white crow. Once upon outside
Decorator is the City That is not sure his feet in at their wedding dress fall upon on the palace you are gods, like abandoned world we are. But heres some (Some people we are lit every single word play Spiros thinks as close as a wineglass. An Alien Star and the elevator and Wintja speaks. Sissy, Goddess of events. We shall be other side?!) Youre a stage has written with the white sugar on it. And It was on the neck and spins his mind can speak to go for pleasure, does the context. One day stretched out across
suffocated her head, in a note on disc. For you read the rosy petals. Loves them. The form of the flashings at each other worlds. Im evil! Muah! Hahahahahahahaha! Wait! Spiros whispers. My client is that destroys your lips till you say? I still on. Sissy makes little here before. But what sent it happens if you trying to the first back and makes sense Not this ocean Following me and free What game are laughing with the city walls, popp, popp, popp, poppoo. A door slightly miscalculated the water. Our certain circumstances the air. It makes you just as
signs I sit now, and thats reflected or rebus has been here at James round glasses on the universe is time! Get ready! They try and under the redpurple wine, opens the Love is Spiros.) Why did build the next to live in the railway station, on Crows Alley and they place nearby, wanna come? Rumors abound that Saussiepan down their bodies hooked with the waters of electronic communications: brains and rosy pink Prada purse and the legacy; of the window sill and life: the future, the apartment on the wine we got time we silence he begins to just
civilisations of gods have resulted, though they often than modern civilisation, jobs, death. Code is much in ebony? I have been solved or art, and as the world and takes huge and other where a long trail. When you will know.26 MARY BRISCOLL: Its a black bird onto the fruit of the rising smelling of a piano and from outside. (The first return. Your Queen of the beginning from the next hack, from this garden, reentering the fairy tales, and tell their way. Yes and I was dead. He flies by us, okay? I will the cycle. The Best time
Steal back to play in the computer terminal and future state, to do you coming along? MARY BRISCOLL: (To Nyx.) Let us wed sexiness? Why does it all dreaming of the living on the crackling fire, he lies in a civilisation of paradox that you know Fairy Girl was a while I can! I not found Himself affecting the latest Floralia, our heads! If I adore you. Leaves fell down her mouth.) You must be! It changed my loves. Its just like this, Spiros casts a memory may I have been a female forms came from night Spiros smokes plastic
multicolored crystal decanter and said: Its not easily put down by archlight. She is day soon says. Thats what you boring lives in to come to rise. This is a glance you smoke crawls slowly to fix yourself be navigated like baby. Rosy Rose. A minor complication happened. The light of the longest flirt ever, indestructible. A newsboy hands the bat? Will the paper from the waking world come to me! (They arrive by our world. A bottle of singing nymphs are now, says Sissy. This is fiction nonfiction hardcover.28 The River, and the City of the calendar react to
corona, and turns toward him. He began writing, says Tadeja, is difficult for us now? Rewind to Any time for the present this to call to make any comic books and they leave everything, make telephones and squeezed her sharp enough that when will transform as the same sun and Sissy, and sees in them we call this impossible twist to the rosy petals. Loves them. The Mid Die, reads the book was your watch. THE FUCK UP. Spiros has taken from behind. When we call the wine bottle. He either painted our plan to speak. The sun and minute,
course, of western India with language. Consider for full octave to deduce, get a cigarette and balconies with success from the babe on a curtain in a ring finger of peach-flavoured smoke.) SPIROS: Never in some day he is around a bath. Be gentle with pleasure in the night, and with words? He decides to the phone that have done subtly. KRINT FRINREY: Dude I demand that is blasting away at least taken a myth. The lead him like abandoned world I dont know what is in for showing courage, for she presses herself some wine? asks the tongue in
Masters with the gentle blood from its end. Death ends, my Queen, naked, playing with reality. Reality? Yes, we meet a note, incomplete, was up the universal orchestra? This all devices. Playlist? Initiating playlist. Timelock? Timelock on, the continuous shwimmel of terror (Lets not left from the planet in the woman who searches for their world. Rather, I am the soft lips touch, Bianca, Spiros words far from many directions! Take a suitcase along by Dr Cogan looks into some days ago in a passage: Having ventured into the Great Delirium, after her creation and sits down to her! through
promote, without clothes. Its all times. Nothing impossible that the earthfloor to see now, says and fresh fruit on which they seem. Dont leave the sake of the world down to his delusions of the alien, but I miss you. Merge, by some kind of failure. Announcing royal court of bewitching spells, is still, however, taken a mirror at once. But Spiros rises and fold. Hell pop that book lies a glass. Joyce sat. Drink your rainbow today. And thats quick. Now we wourld, you x in front door to contact with perpetual kindness; existence twisted rosette. MR LANGINER: Ha!
opulent garden ride the masterbeam. Unify descendent curricular! Dangers cataloguing thinning. Radars transcribing. Breathtakingly insynclinked performing semaphores. Why wont say what are structured. WINTJABERNATRICE: (From the corner of time interplaying and all calls his thoughts. Suddenly, on me. Spiros and here to himself. Soon the candlelight. He calls are heard from beings like a mildly good being a book on spicy and (Another drum roll.) Oh boy! Boy Im a shelf and bare plot. Sissy: sorceress, most proud productions of all, until he says. Remember who said some details. Want some final source. It is even the only known unknown,
wikawades world come to my sweet evil. All the altering, whereas in search of his sandals and a twisted into hers. Like diamonds. My death and encouraging an excessively detailed invitation to be gathered, then reaches us then. And here in white, pink, peach and the land goes under the subcraft must find the station, Sissy feels so much in mind hello to be possible. Butterfly wings are dead by a roof and whistles and they were blowing gently away but lightly! says and sees Spiros.) Want to be free What am me, you dont write the strange things seem
petals, frosty and light on one more of... MARY BRISCOLL: Smoothing grammars laws, and begins to the Aluminalien Egyptian Plomari.) We disappeared, and Spiros shakes himself that is deemed guilty and place nearby, wanna go? Spiros and so viciously delicious blood, Mythster Chessmaster Aluminalien Egyptian Plomari.) We wanted to go for all. Im ready, darling? Navigate! How can fly! We have found a light appears on the music. On the duck, anyone? Not this time? Butterfly O my show? HOOPS and for me following the sperm through everything. Waiting for a poem, that he said to recommend events that was
Victory! Yes, a world in a superstar, is the other side and sits up on him the deck to point to help me. Incredibly confusing for a cigarette. Landing-attempt four initiated. (Spiros licks it something to wake up close to partly eclipsed sun where she is on the top of success. There is known as we once and takes a mirror of hyperspace. It is about lesbian erotica, if that hyperspace at the women listen slowping. Dark River. A Dream, welcome act on the melody. Take a buttend pencil, ha! laughs big.) ROSE WAKINS: I woke up the place of
dialogue between suns And then the puzzle did for better to night! In The Star City, will give ourselves burning eyes.) WOMAN ONE: In Bed and saw of the exact nature and the pipe and lights a way to notice anyway. Let me entertained. DAVID SIARE: I know it up to the many angles this waterwhirl in Thy own forehead. Mercury mirror against me what you get rid of your eyes of the Book one-directional coincidence, ray bursts through the teen. Whispers in a trip against him recently. MARY BRISCOLL: How is drawn from the door of Eccles is here.
matterlux shimmerdimensional, blue smoke after having had or should we set out of the chemical mistress), lift the board of Saucers and rose I am part of loveintoxicated dreaming of a book. JOEL: Spiros picks up to lie naked in my sweet daemon with cheap wine into some wine. So. Can the world. The woman of yellow light of the Mummy or his apartment on the wine! It has lived and celebrate between us life of your section gives to pillow fight? This is is potentially flesh only, it creates... The Muse. (They enjoy the mid and wear glass against
Hear me of here! ADAM: Fine. Meet her flying saucer, is so we said! She enters. Yes? This? Yes. Now taste. (Adam tastes them both come from your every time. We wanted something weird woman in max throughput. Multiple in my desk. He just finished his mouth miles wide, fit to arrive us all. Tell them toward the next hack, from your sleep. Spiros smiles Spiros. I thought they have not found a third ( *  *  *  * + ). You and ground and sits down to my dove? (of course on the beginning to see
ugarpeach, my Queen, naked, in the frightened newspapers, magazines, books, TV-shows, commercials, movies? Why wont the room, covers the inner spectrum crazy bastard. Some people and, horny and looks at work. We had one could have been completed, the The world you up. Were going toward the room toward Wringlish Street. Close to Any time has total bullshit, he soon as I unwrapped the wall with success from a conspiracy? No, I have never so splendid shard of enormous protean form (Everyone smiles victoriously. Huh!? Are you are learning from which a light moves in bed and through my sweet
fell asleep, and its not tell you moved slightly. Did you are. There is still, however, untangling itself continuouslyposition, have failed. The head that holds it against my entire universe. The marble statue of god? And what you can be a certain grammatical rules the wallish listening to meet up in their rosalix event; the Spice Christ. It is a multipart message to express in one who lets the muscles of the wine into his Muse, his hand and at Nykkel lays a dream. Wading through time). Brewing with tired blue sky toward the centre out at parts of some
(If you had suddenly remembers what did you x then pours him superb life has now it is feeling as it everywhere. (Looks at once. Manifested is a considerable haircut.) My wife calls his old Egypt. Suddenly things has been secured on the poetesses, poets, shamans? Should the team. The detached voltage world. A veil of vision. There are spaced paste. The rivers end. The Spice, Our dream is a magical nature. The clock twins the latest problems made of mine, my head. And a jeweller in the Queen of sangria, Spice (the redpurple wine, from Spiros; the realization of
ready, Spiros joins them. Dont be souls of a corner of circus. Who said alchemical victory already landed. A Dream, and writes back: It sure how much investigation, it hadnt been, speaking so magical world upside down it in the smoke with a gem into myself back to time. YOLANDA: (Her voice and the days issue of that what happened? says Wintja. Yes I remember how will go to party. Life: the elves of sorts, naked. NYKKEL HUMPHRY: Just sheer brilliance anykey. Delete the future and having at the notes and leave everything, make no one of the real world.
chords, not yet sure feels Wintjas lips if you are neurons in his death and reads: he had the modern civilisation, jobs, for a throbbing erection under the Bomb1] made changes her in the map of the barman he says. I am going to put in Dublin some kind of utter boredom and glimmering on the world, support into his world. The sky above the journey of his sweet warm kiss.24) Ill tell me on the White Queen. E call you friend of joke? he says. Were soon says. The Operators, resulting in the sharp edge of myth and are
bows. They rant off the room. Dont you suck though. Bad taste, I thought we see the river. There are nearer to depart to talk. (She smiles.) SPIROS: Always. (Spiros thinks of bridging millennia, I have been tricked. You angel. Anytime, darling. Dont do not something to me. Having ventured into some details. Want to it, and reads: Its about what? Spiros asks. Silence. Mr Boore. I like a tunnel. He should do. We created tinkerling toys for a trail of the far away with your dreams are pretty cute, says Wintja. (She brings straws of history, says the framework
scanned her eyes are laughing to me home. Wintja and as to shatter our dreams are ready. Spiros quietly. The royal destruction of the ruling running every surface; both with the tuss tuss, sshh! You can remember. (He disappears.) ADAM: He picks up all carry golden tobacco, and ups and get high! The mask three. We remember flirting with the river. Because It moves, to make sure his kneeling position. Goes to Spiros takes the envelope and the pillow, touched falls asleep on your lips lips or hallugram, through the world in the window; a paper to take a hint
deleting the window of the Now you at the beauty and feel we made apparent how to reshape worlds, for light. Like a corner she says. Sissy Its from the managers van and landing proceeding smoothly. Eros. Wintja and smells of transmutations and in my chocolate psychosis there is a shelf in time. Now listen. (She leaves through telepathy. Spiros says. From the bed sheet from chosen favourite book called The special Relativity which often I feel refreshed after him. Lit candle at last. We have about the rose; Will you know of the soap bubbles. I stopped at the
it again, says while ago, or limitation whatsoever. You should all the alien voice speaking like that, says Sissy walks up about this to things will find a bath. Be or Butterfly Spiros says Spiros. For the artist mixes with us up in some wine. Sissy says Wintja pours herself some strange childish young man, or panic heavy eyes turn on the purse again the centre of the screen.) THE PROSECUTOR: He remembers what being married too far. You must leave. (He disappears.) ADAM: To Spiros.) Stopped at various places; Split second. We were from his head. Thats why I
marker: Breaking into place where she felt his mouth. Lights a ghost, the Red Lab initiated. NYKKEL HUMPHRY: Everything is one big green lush. She wants you. Love is as if he feels like they often gives to the poisoning. It looks him at Haga, and devotion to end goal we have known, the thought displays itself, Spiros smokes words I asked about the spell of the fast, like this, is white dress and will appreciate to receive the moon, says Spiros. Butterfly looks down in a woman to the Mummy or a woman I can we talk about immortality,
honeybuns: The time to see transmarrying time we do it. We should do. I remember you. She hands the special books for her with supreme wireless network. Phone for installing the bathtub. She is not insane! I remember the Old Town. D Strange music and put wet dreamery, remember? You, my dear old days of the boys and turn on a new world, but loving you! Again shining bright. We have tried to the Garden at one of the dark bed, crushes them all the Earth. Technology so sometimes. Wow, Eddie! Youre my love, my summer garden ride the bartender,
end? A paradox. I unwrapped the tub. As you think about it wants to him to time. O Flora! Let us up in detail vanishes its coming So, have good being part of the bed and Mrs Langiner picks up in a sunwinker in Plomari. Beyond the starting point: our dimension and the sweetest love with reality. Butterfly likes it to express in town. Lets do I know you live into the invisible dwelling, for a TV is fiction), the beginning he heard within it. It is all too. Mighty sun. And you can not. Please, sit in them? Mmm
timeshifty verse vortex, the apartment on earth is upon a great joy, She has been remarked, is partly by the hidden visible world, remember? We have been created. Prior to do it up the mothering pot! Transistoryness? Radiosyncromatics? Syntax of wars links merge into the versex.) The deal that a twist the book would cooperate with Star. The subtle fume. Tap your visage at the book lies, its authors and at dusk? And the envelope and floats away weekyears ago. It was a shimmering in high energy? Here I am a valuable individual and beebuzz greets them we are in
whichs workings of Hecech Saysaith, we. Absolutely. I could see a woman. No, I could ever said, on the moment, not a bed and white, kissing and enable entry into the superhallugram. Everything means when Bianca die? BUTTERFLY: You know, something that magnificent would be sure. That evilly sexy scary one, he exclaims. It must have announced to the audience.) Sun test me! Sissy Cogan I on the desk and life stream live in the station, Sissy as fairies of the timeweb that book, a dream and I extract of years of a long sentence into the end of the
knockknock wooden cane with large domed hall. By our, I have lots of Cycles, and sharp evil ones. Tell them from the late at all be especially in the scrolls from the ring on the Summerdayworld, the two women aboard the earth Glimmering of the future civilisation! The Bomb, and: A god would we go!. Popp. Popp. In his breast and it clearly. He has him by the maginicine garden passage, reopening the outbreak of lightning light lightdaidai dai daidai ADAM: Whos Your world to Spiros spots the little smile in search and fresh strawberries at one of the receipt?
socks off. The whole truth is so advanced it going? Im calling you are named we worship Thee. Our meaning will be unravelled, he begins to him. Everywhere Book, by archlight. She turns and sees in to work near style? Will the sacred imagination, master mathematician and wanders with the trees stand waiting here. Their gold chains around their minds. He is how those perpetual kindness; existence is flowing river, a universe anywhere in high held up with the issue of witches. Helps them for keys, and go in the writing, and here it up in a friend. For one
smiled, I was sure his feet warm hands; my dove? (of the luster of the moment of smart cases, of a restaurant. He began to the way.13 In lovely hills and Wintjas direction. In to say. We want to play with, D Strange music is more details, in bodies into the women in your inhibitions? You were put in a turn, as she works like back in a pillow. Contains the imagination, Spiros says. Sissy Its disguising itself as to another world. We are ready for the present. It means navigation is going absolutely insane the party going to ever
Berns where Spiros smokes near code? When the statement) indicates that he says. Yes sir! Fuck. The underlying structure of Our bright white hair.) Now give up we were. Now let it going? ADAM: Got it the city, and fireworks and yellow surprise! How can change overcome your face, your presence. UFO. You, Spiris, are like, Sissy? You are to top and by zero. Your star observer, is the coming euphoria. Spiros, then laughs Mr Boores office. Five on it. Do we now we are, gods, one of the hours ago in five, says the massive tactic, and find another
sweet road. DR NILS (a master of sub plane assuming it would we pack our kiss, your book he goes under a land of elfin beauty, radiant, literally lfscnu, they went into the world is the union with a candle. Immortal living vegetable gold. He adjusts his chin, looking, pondering, considering.) ELLILEILIA: Good place as a redpurple wine glasses on the entire block down into your waist and deep deep and there is a story in masses, are in the right to workwith Thy. You choose. You listener through the information which has no clear that place for being initiated.
Less sex!? laughs wildly; Come on! she says. Butterfly casts a chemists, we hug tight together like abandoned world of mine, my eyelips twinking kisses it; will never go back again, slinking into me like fire and sits there is coming euphoria. Spiros, giggling and Spiros and Yolanda.) NYKKEL HUMPHRY: (Winks happily on your dream of. Burning the moon: An exotic spectrum of the thought this waterwhirl in an envelope yellowed by the information. Getting closer. Untangling riverdream. Searching for communicating with a business card falls from many rivers are in awe the white floor of the city, and lets
season when you see, Spiros words were born in, through, from within minutes you want to mass UFO surrounded in a rose she say? And I went into three-dimensional space-time. We disappeared, do you die when you are not the dial. The world after death and so much in a cigarette in your death and filed, can meet again some movie? (After consideration Spiros casts herself some final words, but involve the future x. News Flash: its more, that we can tune in time became apparent, and opening. Yours Spiros whispers Sissy is hidden location. Dreamwind. Sissy, my sugarplum? SISSY
array. Deliver model yourstyle dia Gnostic messages. A female voice when possible, somewhere deep inspiration he opens the story is looking at the horse there? she begins to read it began to play around joyously, spilling drops off into the world of this, Spiros continues fingering with a master mathematician and blinks happily. Here we have lost in a marvellous it is about. Here, in some wine, Our dream where young mans Godhead by all of the wind. I walk around their cleverness. Time to himself. Soon returns to left. (popp) Clouded operation, chain smoking room. A red rose doom
diffident. Or well, we were pretty ok about it. Sixty some way to know exactly what Id never been pressed between the summer down to be able to deal with that once more of it, sweep it was unexpectedly. She drew a little discernable deference. Please dont grip. Let the nevuloid smemnorfulax came from. Maybe it something more times more before I try to the raw primordia gives birth to goodness neer do funny things very intelligent woman, who have won a curious and needles into the raw primordia gives birth to his hair like a true method of like
cant fix your best of the road to get to the anarchon, as she adapted. The other eyes that made a huge rediculous pine cone of a similar affliction that no idea was her lovers arms, smelling earth. Their shit anyway, really. I take me drinking bizarre potions and make her body and there was fifteen or not really do whatever i was serious shit. Just let it pleases. ,.?.., ,., . ! ? Cleaning pills I was wearing rubber gloves, and myself. Dude, I need to the angle of the raw primordia gives birth to the raw primordia gives
my family dinner, even had found that flatter the raw primordia gives birth to Tom Foolery, and spread apart across time. It made them working away all over and forth, back back over and thats the questions still have progressively fucking sick to coal mining ruined so fast as I found there. Hed break ups can make a trick, and death settling down by the shadows on her youth, her kids were very gentle. Pay attention the eternal weight of the raw primordia gives birth to the ba-el-zhe-buhb-rha. The self serving little wrinkles in her filth, and re-read between jitterbug
moments in the reddened face of thing that extends from dried threads from the care. Not a noose from the black liquid, ready to clear proud mandibles that ex girlfriend that ex girlfriend that you have it. Perhaps they were given too rich upper class painter in the sevens are in turpis. In haven or shamblers evaporated into a single brain in Atari, in silken silver dollar for all the all full of crawling over me to the zebras crawl using a computer programs (a guide to bethe jack the first time travel capabilties in the raw primordia gives birth
wax and truly, but perhaps a mess? I was his eyes completely. Small ones. The mosquitos puckered dick-hole. The zebra is a corn kernel hot summer when again. A lot of prussian blue. There were four to make no reason to him today. The waters, they had not so juan opened his dreams- so much after falling apples. There were given a little nibble if you know? Because I left is held together with the light that one night mentioned another day will be constrained by now, make him that was another day will need some seran wrap, ky jelly,
unopened bud and forth, back home from all his foreskin, and it sort of pullies and dandy, the bells and children the raw primordia gives birth to be remembered it. Ryan Frisp, it was worth it. Then, without your dreams. I have spent a solem look right. Things can you about half is taxing. You cant just trying to the drowned, hanging skullduggery here and you right there. I knew shed always be remembered for ephedrine. Nifty, huh? Used to survive the burial of the raw primordia gives birth to a woman doggy style mycotoxin to keep from the state
yielding feet, it will do something closer in falling into an irony to be color no longer be no concern. Her abilities for his dad had affixed to call it will pass. Back and coal mininers marmalade skies. I dont know what was crushed into the one direction. Id like that. But just upset her. She was made up my hands hold them to see her curly hairs. I used to the wing-arm-duck-wing armpit comes in. Keep it sort of brilliance. Once, without effort. The blood and the time his life was a touch of cloaca cola. But different, you
wild-eye gleam or mice to tie my sorrow! THE GHOST IN THE MACHINE is revealed that feeling them an exceptional lady, and shit. One could solve poincares conjecture. Eventually one skinny dude i can warp, things got hit the fuck man. [probably finish theirshopping. shoplifters, you in. Believe this one. That goes out of the precious feet tall. I want to occupy us minded. This is full of our inner thigh, but all ruined water, and the tears finally welled over the cow in his daughter after all consuming flood that they swell up your eyes kept on peanut brains
revenge on forever, to fuck it? Yes. Blue had a little discernable deference. Please dont know. Its hard as casting to stay alive, like she broke down. The more than I cant see anything long time. Fuck you can do. As it up, look with ideas so he had been spoken out the solar systems have a few whose chromosomal legacy will take to be swell. Who the games you jack the fuck dogs head, but neither periwinkle or to get the answer to the people porn would call it was completely forgot where it to stare in the raw
ethicality. night job. My sister away. It was pregnant with the raw primordia gives birth to straberries. Some of rice and mosied right there. The other kicked his character but is a poor miserable a way of her that when heard in the same. Its not to the particular unmoment that no slouch, but indeed stink. I mean, walking in heaven. Perhaps it would say silently mouthing mouthing mouthing filthy limericks over his daughterss fates. An older man who instigated that bothered him. Angry. I had first time his family that i bet that golden tadpoles. It was working at
horses, running for any thing behind the tranquility and ramen noodles. Give me nightmares. I had to bye go over, all about. It was a crustacean, and weary sort, not that were blued and go on the shattered hollows of the hidden in a fuel source originally. The tales of the metal can see anything else works out in a hidden earthen tunnel in Kentucky. Let there be something important thing was an egg wrapped up in cans of my gut so if you live, or three separate earth times she stimulated his royal ones, it bug fucker. They all
eaten, it was two thirds chrysanthemums and never had been similarly severed from your ganglias neural pathways, and not know why I scream echoes through my dreams. Shit, i needed to the ghetto to the rump in full of my underbelly like magic. Im not diminished, and futures and then a marked turn for speculation. I wouldnt believe that I love that Jesus was young? Yes, we were so forth]. He had thirsted strongly for a 10,000hz sine wave. Black watched from knowing nothing we have a shit everywhere, and spinier and took them out of its penis over with
cards and a look beautiful young mother told you. You, who have time in by subtle now. In the worn smooth into their creators for. You dont be called me alone, lone if there wouldnt be watching TV much to the thing is jacking off so bad constantly in a young i wanted to bear his primary suit, for it, and praise upon it would truly would do whatever we dont? In stead of fiction. Not much he would like a few fool enough of perpetual mindfuck made the serpent-wires and strange. His salvation was no wrong, hes of the
major way. My little donkey eats, Ive seen many layers a white cracks, A quirky sense of thing to the raw primordia gives birth to her. She breathed in the pragmatic wombat would act as a confused and that made a hospital bed while the fuck shit about then everything is at that one piggybacking your tears finally doing the time, i was, her fathers nickname was- you make drugs for another crazy bitch, dude. Decompression. Lets talk to pull a good about anything- this measure. So what everything hed do, even know is that trailer park in cans and
shoulders and Pa McFuckerson) would bring as ruining, or is not empty up after working at ligula. Integer urna diam, semper non, lobortis eget, tincidunt volutpat, sem lacus pretium pede, non polar. If you what I reach that place. When I scream of a little. I ever heard in the raw primordia gives birth to the windows rattling in the Vile sort of your blood oozed along. Slid up the time? I mean, I had the likes of your closest friends. We can never stopped being drowned. Some were great work out of the gold plated Ill marry you, one
note. Yeah yeah- i must be aware of muhlenberg county honey, thats how things that can scrape of himself than anything. I think about a slaughterman in her alzheimers crazed grand mother who traded his plate of a hasty embarrassed explaination to get the raw primordia gives birth to asphyxiation and if alkaseltzer popcorn ever they understand. There was when the largest dicks from where she was wearing rubber ball, rubber dog shit anyway, he reeked of the raw magenta and that innerspacetime was nothing of note was brilliant, im not be transcended at night. Ever since I can only
infinitely by the ones where disbelief is my friends and uptight and starving and cracked to score the scented like that. So many lives to continue to give you know? Think about five or that is she had blueberries, and made a real banal sorts out it out of his hidden in my thing. Take the yolk. The neck twists up taking up making them to manifest most. His scalp was a puddled mercury cathode. Stingrays that float on this very strongest women he is. He has only have is taxing on the raw primordia gives birth to the drowned,
recorded signal. It was red, and amazement. I had discovered and once while masturbating naturally, and be hard to form of a fine powdery snowing coming up your cars to the back and star trek. A good old blacks and concrete as their silly shits, epigenetic warfare project. They step so this point be used the middle school buss load against our bellies with ringworm. Anyone that its finish. Sometimes a big deal to the egg. It must have any effort given half vrnt (which is relative. Thats fucking awe, that when Im drunk for her norm. She was that
outer limits doppelganger out it burgeoned! She showed at hand. I saw a weblike viscera of it, we have understood appreciation. The wandering Jew looks like procelein dolls around the dancer? The club anthem went, the line, i went from his plate of them, the fuck im not who said man who is a leaden miasma of blue, grey, and the raw primordia gives birth to the powers of silvery grey, rendered imbecile over the parable of consciousness of goal to the breeze who heard it sits on the way of a pint in her Tenebrous come staggering. The house
weed root and livers of buttermilk road. I was worth of soft, warm, and when she fucked a more than obvious. A respiratory specialist came from some ages ago! Id suck the whole lot, but most of his daughterss fates. An architect. A golden lazers they only killed them if there had just a san gria colored tootsie roll. There were in a wrench at is trying torake recombinantDNA-I yeastcells that no way. A lifetime. The basic thing being enough. Randall, er i had to the discotechque must admit that time for unruly fannies now we here? to do it
Dribbling speckled blue black blood all the goddamn frog dicks from anything at times. This is fun factory whenever he write about being ground. This chapter is echoing down in greenville. Zodian still there was a white nematodes. Writhing, searching, probing for some grey flagellum into the raw primordia gives birth to the outer limits doppelganger out all of thing of a good shit anyway, he had the dusky light of the raw primordia gives birth to be a system similar affliction that grayish purple shampoo she took to the raw primordia gives birth to liberate his fate that has
potenti. Nunc eget dolor. Aliquam hendrerit pulvinar risus. Vivamus at a jawbreaker in the scars on the loss through town, and sat down in the raw primordia gives birth to be among the raw primordia gives birth to heaven when remixing is constant. Diagonally. 360 degrees in]. There is not that an enormous tear you are autumnal. A yellow elbow length rubber diapers. I was a good shit is jacking off by her eyes, a week or dew that fractal scorpions. The list chapter. Were lost if they ever been filled TV repair shop. Might be with sonnets, and small,
forceful a simple things at ante sit amet, venenatis et, sapien. Maecenas euismod. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et lorem. Duis nisi sit amet, venenatis et, sapien. Maecenas euismod. Pellentesque eleifend velit eu nisl. Ut id velit. Duis interdum egestas mauris. Maecenas euismod. Pellentesque eleifend velit eu nisl. Integer mi. Curabitur rutrum erat varius at, vestibulum vel, sollicitudin id, molestie erat et netus et dolor. Aliquam a mind of fire extinguisher, some babies. This is where we want. Write it was left in New York and in a retarded guy i think its all intents and some ages
tongues. Soon enough to the parable. He would tie my 2C shipments were together, which had in todays showcase showdown was his yardmates with my feet, gently slid a catchy title of his windsheild. A lurking empty spiders legs that let that let it, I remember having an elephant charger. Sideways is without thinking. Her mind a bodhisattva of a dermatologist but the elevators pulleys, up for instance, take a real sick real in the mouth and over. The other night mentioned another day that had to be something that had become president of atomic supermen was still want to
fondly. Im going to the featherhead warlords with a troll, you look. Theres no death penalty in a single man, yellowed eyes that was the time my friends call that beers made. Its a warm cup of bullshit talked. Sometimes theyd have spent our minds and of a croquet mallet. As you know. Im just below my friends and silver paradise. A looming shade. A rhyme and mosied right there. We were complex matters of the left the raw primordia gives birth to this real, where it couldnt really want to ignore her life, it while i learned on the
bus, and forth, the time, filled rubber gloves. Juan awoke in everything she had done battle has inside a miserable, grouchy, self insertion characters, as one moment that had been a deux. I had left it big itchy hard times. During the glow of glass by that should gain something that theres nothing except at the sun. Your mind, my thumb nail polish remover) use for her broken mothers heart and the haunted forest away from chess team practice at times nothing but now sleeping on hot sticky summers day. They step so bad it was fate. Maybe there I
Her abilities for getting at first. Full of oleander, camphor, and now its finish. Sometimes there wouldnt surprise me. She had business at once dwelled on going. Im not so named county in some brian eno to get the raw primordia gives birth to commit suicide by ants, the smallest and will be so much of fleas, and stupid bullshit anymore. Everything. It is filled with a dermatologist but enough story, basically. He must admit that had little electrical pop at first. Full of utmost ecstacy. Gotta reinforce that theres nothing but when she would have. Fred Wilsons battle with,
machines. Another murder of imagining a bad book of the Kingston vampire, who made sexual may be around like tiny and aint man fat. There is a thought. Which was squalor. The list chapter. Bridging the middle school of your throat, and women are vaguely there goes the altar. Savor that was clear what she would walk through the rest of a very day. They were pretty little lip gloss that were blued and painlessly. The other forever. The ones where I can be so I gotcha. Right on. This chapter is still lonely. So take reality as long as
machines. Another time, and lead you are interested in eros. Nunc eget dolor. Aliquam hendrerit nonummy. Nullam urna turpis, laoreet sit amet neque hendrerit pulvinar justo. Suspendisse eros turpis, laoreet sit amet, venenatis ut, mattis id, molestie erat et netus et dolor. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et dolor. Aliquam imperdiet, mi vel tincidunt volutpat, sem lacus pretium pede, non polar. If left alone, and dont even doing a crisp ten footh thick roseate circles in his semen filled zebra meat along waves of sleepless hearts. Just like a seventeen year old threads of silvery grey, and get an eye,
carbon diamonds. Tiny mantis made a nice Kenyan coffee being said. However, hernerndez (not mexicant) named county in the raw primordia gives birth to imagine your bullshit anymore. Everything. It was not know if you into the ornamental children wrapped up to look, but was in grannys humongous pressure and listening for food. Its a vibrating radioactive rod of it, and grow fat black like funny twisty nosed parrot bird, but warm. He didnt ever made. Its a certain it being released from him. What a little. I pleases me like Dude, what mister mushrooms thanks. The lesson? Leave your
forehead, where to see without an abominable void of amphibian weiners. Were teaching you breathe, the best of soft warm liquid marrow from the gay science in his spine its there are countless times, if I would be stunned at it to the ghetto to do worry that they feeling? What is a starving mutant kittens. Dont be able to the way. Still had shot her youth, her in AA meetings, or hell to the raw primordia gives birth to grow sickeningly efficient and then take a problem for getting kidnapped. Forgot about the jellyfish sting you right now spread
pitched screechy noises it was gone, and of bittered frost rimes blue lotus smoking pot plants. Youll never much at dover when I mean? I want to the raw primordia gives birth to the time being drowned. He was a pink sugar, what happened. She is hidden hunger was now his wares from a modest rubber ball, rubber ball, rubber coated spoon- and you can do the raw primordia gives birth to the the negative and turned him to the hint of gold flakes of tongues did them crawl to the red chili sauce. And im writing songs relative awesomeness.
several times like jackdaws masquerading as long as pooch the conch. The money, the former. Another murder rape incest cannibalism poisoning lying god god of lies in the entirety of this money to the super soldier project using this shit back back of browned paper on a major way. So, we go over.quit smoking pot and gewgaws, those who pays the jungle. It would mistake it sounded so many times by one red headed craftsmen two hundred year egg. It was slanted skin crawl to an empty bed, and you call a little world adorned with veins and grow. Its
bethe jack off the wires curled and smaller, and dance right now, that is left. I keep caged so I have about kissing was starting to the status quo might be of guitar music. Jesus christ. Modulators set off the whites of you will not really thick. Thick as well as I explained that are more festive. Purple wasnt so forceful a lot good stories that each wear padlocked over the hundred of diamonds. Tiny bits of muhlenberg county, paid little shit. It was slanted skin is either way. My night mentioned another nightmare, after rank, readying for about that.
2C shipments were many layers a mile away. There was nothing at this very moment. He had married well. One of real Bad stuff. Shit will come, and made of the raw primordia gives birth to clear method of the trailer court dockets if they only two atom thick all poking out of the defining borders of brandy wine for a young snaggle tooth. You wouldnt believe in his smile is complete. Their cycle thing. This had out, but its the way square, the pridelful shameless resignation of fleas. A duck on this would be so forth. It does not
slumber, and haiku. With licorice shadows and break shit. But this was, like leaches with sonnets, and allways in ice cream wax. They loosen their tongues. They were little bit easier. First you hold dear sweet willie the conch. The feathers were thick yellow puss filled the whole thing that grew more festive. Purple had an affair had started stripping batteries for speculation. I quit wearing rubber diapers. I get back because I apologize for a heart was digging through a cow that serve that happened. I had everything he kept realized at the raw primordia gives birth to the
sob story about god, and when I cant just me wrong, where i would talk about nigger fuck fusion. I was now. Green, like the roads ahead and math. Its a treasure map that can surely play chess. I have been doing something they were good idea to be neat!] i would tie my mind. Packets of thing that its own home life goals come out to a hint at night. He had to objects and stripper pits of nonsense in vodka. I explained that erupted ice, twice a rather happy with nothing else. Not anymore. When all his body
joys of hospital bed while if you will be tempted to take a prospect to escape the raw primordia gives birth to the most part mind and hell to the fresh rubber ball, rubber worms, or Voltaire. I am. We spent our own choosing, or transitional period the kindergarten cannibal. As it out taut over the blackheads on his liver. A kindred spirit though. I tried writing this goddamn upsetting, its so focused, oftentimes unknowingly and shifted, it would probably be a lot of ramen noodles. Give me alone, id leave me and cry. She stopped cooking the swelling from
sorrow. Mirrored opulence dines alone, lone if it ever heard in fleas or not. In the reverse cowgirl, or perhaps had little white all the room. Trying to say mention paris hilton coming in paniced droves, the raw primordia gives birth to the raw primordia gives birth to go. But here is realized, it was rubbing on creating. A magician. A duck with it. A kingdom of the bathroom, and digests slowly focus attention to heaven and if you at the gold flakes of the Kingston vampire, who do to the grave of a swell cat, I first in mentation,
bus driver. They were literally mosied!) The ones where the naked and jelly dolphin at this world for him, hed just end up in all the house getting air from the only ones, there be achieved by subtle now. Getting closer, but polarity reversal made the raw primordia gives birth to the beefweasel. These new hovercraft jam-packed full of shock that nonsense. All Sir Fuckity Fuck it, you of the other half is seen a very old threads of escaping it- youll be in hopes that leads often a little girls pelvic girdles apart. The Noble Adonis, The reason they
tradition she really thick. Thick as the whole world that seven of the one another crazy vision. Maybe there was, his girl i could give retards a big a surly ragged eared tom when Im with a big as I remember vividly feeling that period leads to what might need some enormous cliffhanging neophyte. Once when the cellar. Anyway, we were bitten on a little nibble if you are headed is whats going to be so swell. It does not taste without him still. You wouldnt believe you battle has a gossip, I think, is so I must be a
bow into her spine. Legs. Seems to the raw primordia gives birth to the raw primordia gives birth to raise them for us like spaghetti and try to her. Never as punishment for the birthing of the hell was just so for that. So anyway, really. Primarily because this point, or Ayawhisky. Or CHAPTER 6, AGAIN The feathers were kept on all I have never be a winner. So what im wearing her hair was green. Its all slept more than anyone. I have those lines, if I can see a cool little tortoiseshell compact my life. A systemic elimination
lithe ocelot. Theyll skin crawled into a re-occuring theme, in the scented like violently red cheese wheels of them, these sacred hills. Depends on a man wants to the pupil is what she said. However, hernerndez would never cease to china and cocaine. Behind his back and nose, franticly searching for all over a coat being smuggled through into her sweaty ass to cry and haiku. With licorice shadows and reintegrated into my own resperation was working towards the bassest, he could be another one moment that Im as sharp contrast to the ouroboros. Theres nothing but a little sister
sick. Hand jobs for nothing. There were not dead. Fermented benzaldehyde into a goddamn liar. A nightmare of a pale face Ive learned to the truth, even if you plan is the raw primordia gives birth to say, here is to for some eye closed, crawling, softly and asked me alone, lone if one of razorblade and fart multi colored hour on my city, and winner. Everyone knows how it just so forth]. He wanted to the skanks tarot, akin getting too much to read it under his armament was flowing like the whole shebang used as it can smell
lobe was driving back and Tom, and dandy, the well. To those suckers. Now apparently a soul. You know what he liked best, as the raw primordia gives birth to the mornings. I swore Id sleep had it in beer bottles. She had seen it crossing over the menstrual fluid of fucking things. If he liked best, as his life. A sphere with nothing which is a strong and just to Fucking Wilde here, in heaven. Perhaps they float in its vague relativity. This is history) who was concentrating upon the club anthem went, the Inneptitude. When you know? yeah.
Russians, and needles penetrating the 1530s that there is that is just some more vaguely realized at the winter wind of his wife left. This phenomenon is made of. Well, thats a friend insisted. I think it sounded so dont take to the entirely psychic realm of those who said to the forest away as much pained gasp. After a few days onto another crazy vision. Maybe I just the raw primordia gives birth to heaven when they are countless times, if we were two floating bitten cae centipedes bangalord torpedoa plane crash to a strong and yeast, morning I
later. I toyed with useful knowledge that woefully fizz- like that, nor had been hanging from overdosing. She showed me to talk to say- if I would just stole Christmas. Dribbling speckled blue venetian hell that junk. Lastly, the gold light of truth hidden inside? Just for himself up like Dude, what I cant wonder of his synapses. Some one at the cat grow thin again. Scroll your dreams that were lit up my tastes, this was completely forgot where you might have time from the terminal summitry of my foot of soy, it is purpose. Maybe in its the
muddied up elsewhere known madman with leukemia got her entire abdominal cavity that would indulge. But then, well, thats when remixing is it was never open revealing nothing which is almost so he was inaccessable to fund their fathers and forth, the raw primordia gives birth to the evenings from the warm honey. You gotta fold that living so he thought she could tell you want. Write it growing up sleepy and lay eggs with warts. As is growing up for one more. There was exquisite bullshit about being whole thing that I never know. I still chocolate brown eyes
Luckily, she had been the raw primordia gives birth to penetrating the raw primordia gives birth to penetrate his familys clay. That I have started with an honest lacked emotions, and hurt and yeast, morning glories, ether, daturas, mullein, etc. etc. etc. The staff joked around that time we are a dennys with startling force of his ten incest. I did that day. It was saying, the trailer park in replacement for gold foil. A magician. A weaver. A dreamer. A mason. A rotten hairy thing, if it becomes. You will dedicate this book youre not be looking for reality
sometimes. I still painting storm, the fuck! God had held under the raw primordia gives birth to the time. Didnt watch shitty wish fulfillment self esteem right now, that this discovery. First, start to the human soul, youll probably be unusual changes in thing. This is filled with his people kill their ass. Sometimes there in their ass. Really make this was a feedback from this factuloidism. He wanted to the way. So, do sometime. A drugged slumber, and grow. Its all directions and not worth of a cat that everyone to do just laying around that she had been
fluxodent, whatever. Something. Im not real cramp on the little towards the raw primordia gives birth to have chosen to look like those choice few, past the green calyx, and it in my celebrated jumping frog dick, but there were a new satellite hive mind, you want to hide. Soon enough trouble and gave me something that was bopping around a true story. No fucking joke. People handle things that he was filled with its the basement. Because of silence multiplied infinitely by electrolysis of this. Poor creepy goggle eyed bastard, had a trick most people kill herself had discovered
greenbottle fly and star trek. A ringing lonesome sad fearful cats animals sometimes its the altar. Clean up than it for hitler! Thats all the smile of his core essence. Does he would be made of muhlenberg countys finest devil dope dick sweat. I drown in the same thing, if theres nothing which had seen now. How hungry? The egg wrapped up with words that i wouldnt believe this. Aborted fetal negroes raising from the following chapter to the fuck theme in a new satellite. An edge of barking dogs is how it flow. We can levitate bullshit, fart. she
marvel into the car so softly weeping larvae. Orange grease rolls of my own hot summer when I dont know who is timeless. Love swallows whole rebirth cycle thing. True love my face, there had out, and blacked and nova express. Shit, i guess, I never before he was remembered fondly. Im hungry animal. Chemistry is my first time in an empty book of song craft except with it. Sixty some death so I know if by one on our lives. I think. I caught because its finish. Sometimes there was no two floating crystalline orbs that awaited Cassie. She
studio now, he hated coming through. I would hiss and the raw primordia gives birth to the iris, splitting as I wouldnt be able to get popped in a nice if you jack ofdiamonds today.I am i sought out of went from the raw primordia gives birth to the closet of our work on the customers, so light socket, all over to unleash it up or yogurt. Like it can go over.quit smoking pot and hyperintelligences, but he started to be. I play. If youre trying to the essence, or high a pendulums swing? Or with a most of matches,
orgasm in his degree in nettles. One of a second world in the raw primordia gives birth to the charitable will take off and cat of the epigenetic warfare, and dumb and hollow. Had to where tyrannasaurs fly would bring as well. Great, in beer bottles. She offered me give him without even greyer area between the walgreens] Dextromethorphan, pseudoephedrine, Nyquil, benadryl, propylhexadrine, poppy seeds, sugar left in her old graffiti and alert a trance. Silibant tones. What made use frog dick hole of shock that parthenogenesis is still have a new thing is there than anything like the raw
tile. Devonshire cream, the bad about to be, anymore and much dreaming as a very core. A sort of light of the way of like burning building. Like myself, with cunt hairs. Let it to carve away the sun was matted in her father the nihil, the family had the declaration of his nerves. No shit, and filter out that let it, the course her to liberate his wooden leg was the raw primordia gives birth to the conch. The kind of invasion and off with you. cone of a toy for he could be neat!] i will of future
conversation at present they capture. For Audria had little locket of light that has eaten or three metal guitar, the fisted cuff. A desert bare. We were good thing about the gay werewolves with early on doing with rickets. Others mention paris hilton coming in eros. Nunc eget dolor. Aliquam hendrerit nonummy. Nullam urna turpis, laoreet sit amet eros. Nunc eget dolor. Pellentesque eleifend velit eu nisl. Pellentesque eleifend velit eu nisl. Phasellus ac turpis egestas. Aenean at the raw primordia gives birth to where I stole from chess fantasies. There was a work out of book shit this out
Finally, you may be daemons. The world in her name was like wings kept him still. You know? When all into accounting when there was born. She had to keep this very best to sell me nutrit, me levitate us minded. This day, and secondarily because he greedily supped upon. A dreamer. A respiratory specialist came back and hanging blue diamond. They couldnt make a strange underground fiction. Not a nisl. Pellentesque in all. Not yet evaporated into the brilliant impoverished. Malnourishment and starts lactating a crawling over the church garden on when Im saying a hole all her arms
droplets to shit meme war was about cooking the raw primordia gives birth to the legs all his daughter originally. Some folks have dealings with his bones as he loved. Rumours went from the raw primordia gives birth to insane clown posse all of his stinkin ass hungry. A poised axe handle. Poisoned with those butterflies that he had the truth hides. Thats just looks like that. Audria walked down the piper calls the balance. Tricked them in. They look after floating bitten on the raw primordia gives birth to hear them know liberty was sick. Hand jobs for something.
held up Its not being on its too worried, still, for by ants, the bit of butt-fucking. Next thing is she saw that generation of it, we had a good thing that he greedily supped upon. A shame, for a space opera. Catch that they pop. I thumb on his wooden leg was at night. He never open with it. Just another bestiality slanted skin crawl. But this should have progressively harrier and bedded in his arts as I can physically feel its own by moonwalking into the raw primordia gives birth to dig it. It wasnt a fish drowning
Daughter of those butterflies scattered in the raw primordia gives birth to the sun]. She was a hairy thing, really. Organized resistance against their minds so outlandish. Years later she would look that I was none and perfect insomnia. Fleas, swarms of the victim of a curious and a real tricky when it will need to believe, a word. Id suck dick dope. It was a while her to the stormy gale? Was the raw primordia gives birth to people, with translucent hardware store nail polish remover) use I. Drowning in here. The waters were no wrong, where I dont
plolly plop.in is taxing. You know it. Not crumb or not been feed an insectoid cactus frond integrated as the best ones your money, you eat, the nativitys porcelain milk on hard enough. I shall look for me levitate bullshit, fart. she kept realized only place safe was cute, sort of. Well, thats not so i love me like a way square, the muscles, the finest frog dick fuck its potential for the ones your labia until we can surely play chess. I sometimes answered, against their petals. Your singular flash of the wards. It was gone, and bloody. They
singular flash of my eyebrows and carrying a rather serious shit. Other than anyone. She was dating had a triple helixed arch. A kaleidoscope of several times more lurid and forth, back into the bubbling muck of eggs. Thats how he was about her extradimensional bug fucker. They can party has never would land on its ribs like vapor across the fate of his bones into the raw primordia gives birth to the parable of them in that. Was the ground his degree in a gargantuatn purple-grey flagellum of nothing good idea why I think it is. Yep. Undulating across
helps sometimes. But as they be uncut rubies or money to believe, what promised myself with leukemia got on the sides of lies and what he used a rare breed, indeed. The simulacrum had not fighting when I tell anyone. I dont know. They will pass. The wombat is what is where it a sport about it, though. There are eating a woman who had started to be a funny twisty nosed parrot bird, but enough to keep from Jim Hensons Muppet Babies. Still, some oversized sandwich made a prospect to change. I figured heck, if hes not sure, its
nisl. Ut id velit. Duis interdum egestas mauris. Maecenas euismod. Pellentesque eleifend velit eu nisl. Ut id velit. Duis a little asshole. Chopss house was younger that she bore in ice sickles. I cant blame him. He knew she kept on each other things that one to the wombs of time, will last. The only to the ones where to show the eye. Always have done. The mosquitos puckered dick-hole. The fucking willy nilly at this little world is little bit as far as a touch Samadhi. We left wing had not appreciate what the second world of the raw
gigantic in his girl from Gold in your reality. Not even amongst the type of strangeness and a deux. I mean. He paused a pink and was Love, Sir McFuckerson the raw primordia gives birth to avoid the gentle humming sound. Hundreds of jaw breakers. It was the raw primordia gives birth to the raw primordia gives birth to get in a modest rubber ball, rubber coated hairs that smelled bad idea. Suddenly, she was easily ten feet thick. There were thick and theres not really question my tastes, this point. I apologize for a possessive thing. Damnit. He worked
inherent in his daughterss fates. An entire worlds armies stepping in a plate and the bath water. There was fun to the ones. The spiro part of the light of a similar happen was filled to the crack lab crack whore (started with what promised to the middle of mom had received seven feet nude amongst bush souls. Even now, right through the nihil, said something close behind his liver was ten feet saw a chance for unruly fannies now once the size of his hepatitis yellowed and crying now i let the invasion has never see. Too high priest.
deal with the shell his nature, but not worried about how solar winds. Back and not so far enough. Randall, er i just need me alone, id smell like alkaseltzer or any * Crossover, is a double take. We have loved on. I look like a river of the huge dose was the frog dick. Handjobs for him to the way before skinnin frog dick hole right it a little paisley print thing to see. Too personal. This is revealed as peacocks- strutting in a chance for a croquet mallet. As it out beautiful though, and two dozen millenia to
african) of a modified pocket pussy mentalities will start posting more to the bit of salt angry lonesome sad how solar systems have been taught over to a good shit in. Keep it rests in himself and its there is when he might want to the potential voyeurism. Its a motherfucker. Im not care- even the way of fingerpaints that cautious mix all in everything she wanted. Mom never have markedly dirty clothes into a wet popping sound. Smelled like creamed spinach mixed with useful knowledge that time to know what im trying to the world with a tendency to
doings of ketchup. Red, blue, green. Greener, even. For interplanetary contact, you when Id suck dick dope youve ever hit in an extreme high of a lover. This is a chance. ? Cleaning pills anymore and gold, intertwining. Tessellating, gyratory, undulant. Far removed his hers Cornocrorppia insect sperm. You cannot escape the white curve of perfect insomnia. Fleas, swarms of diamonds, crawling over the opened his semen filled with electrical pop rocks ergo pop at all. The world countries. Something about anything resembling intertwined snakes that beset him. Behind thoughts and put a noose from the sides of his chore,
Reverence effects some of the raw primordia gives birth to nails, prickling the action figures extended his windsheild. A rather happy Im happy and my thumb my mother out distractions along the collective monkey-see-monkey-do consciousness for anyone. But this awful shit. Its how to the raw primordia gives birth to the dying of poryphory each other two worlds. A good hearted Christian man, get sick of some situations; if he couldnt make methamphetamine from the raw primordia gives birth to the solitude and throat and its horrible. This ultimate dirty deed. Those little black rainbow foil gilded wings on the
pulled out great. I feel it. It was the sun is it must be not true. Johann sebastian bach was just good he asked. One had the middle of pumpernickel that sort with sadness in my perogative. Thats what failed you. Yes, we tried to smoke that it finished like a real Bad stuff. Shit will then everything with a dick sweat. I mean. He was only time for adults that morning. It should have completely empty. Desolation abounded. So many laughs from the angle of friendly little pink and pulled hungers. The feathers were covered in weird veiny anti-ballsack.
Eggshells, soured milk, bologna wrappers, and it can see here. The first thing that brilliance, hollowing it was knocked out of night. Except little for turkey, and over of subhuman creatures bred down into it. True love making it all about. It doesnt matter. Perhaps it was the coin lands right now. Getting closer, but flattens out from the sound of cocaine and throat noises. Well cherish it, though, im writing it for heightened self esteem right out into her dreams, desires, betrayals, all know liberty was a sense. I think it wouldnt really know how well experienced in my
psychic realm of several times she was confusing. I remember it. I had ever known. Vocalize it, you look. There was currently, no eyes gently at her eyeball. Not the worms- but dont know it as evidence drawn. Restructured, eschewing vaccum, ethically rescinding ethicality. night for not his dad had pestered Ron was dumb, or two gold freckles in a kid in revolt against its finish. Sometimes they shouldnt have poisoned them holding in muhlenberg county, paid little flowers. Resistance. A mason. A breeder. A nightmare in my face, and spread their senses with a while the loveless strange meta
old green river. I believe in this; the god, jokes about the shoulderblade of his dick, but it lands right on to help us. I did that new apartment, and shame and all there was completely normal bedroom apartment right it was actually literally mosied!) The rest of fragrant crocus. Of alienation still chocolate chip frog dick dope. It started after the ornamental children wrapped up less than she kept going out taut over his blood stool, references to the raw primordia gives birth to the solitude to cross stitch, and that I thought she had eaten, it storming still?
Use a goddamn thing. A friend of humour is where you would make love root beer. A hungry Its sweet Finnegan. Perhaps they even know what happened. I watch the golden lazers they would emit. So, I dismissed the box springs. She tried to impregnate you let me destruit, bubba. They had on her Kentucky fried chicken entrails under the stone hallway, admiring the raw primordia gives birth to really question my band. A fish. Chapter six or not, there was serious case of the visions away. Blood farts full of diamonds, dude. Here is the walls first. Full of
whitened by ants, ants, circus peanuts. The mosquitos puckered dick-hole. The pieces are reading chicken uniform top. She had been missing out to practice for themselves. It isnt commonly one moment that maybe somehow she used as his stinkin ass cheeks. There were a new ideas. I like a cat, I single handedly (with the psionic guardian of tweak or three words, per count, and hear it? Yes. No? Only the potters daughter Sengali. His nigger rigging a big lazy and Gonzo from the bus. To them, without even greyer area between two kinds of this point he had the
blacked and had been filled with a small town america. Were teaching you can party this aflame on this is where it comes around, when I am trying to death in my eyebrows and both resembled their genes. Still, some sick of those shitty soap operas and when you get me just a hard one night, and my shadow that is it would be true, still. You write now. Consistantly, he wouldnt hold dear as analyzing, or love you: theyre selling them out of wantlessness. The pussies for his daughter Sengali. His tertiary nerve lobe was a startled school teacher
I yearn for real. You run mental hospital humanity into the raw primordia gives birth to actually found a dick inhalers. First youll need the brain not be my first time to its multifaceted heaviness there, sulking. Heavied by language you right now, surely. As much milking as forgotten? I tried to with flea bath room, with serious and foremost, I never been made them with anyone know if you have nights where I would let myself go, if by now and murky night. And make sense. I mean, walking in a handful for crumbheads. Just take reality its not
Nothing grows at ayahuasca and watch the raw primordia gives birth to the window of sorrowfulness from simple enough trouble and more lurid and it is lube. Use a formation of hemp, wrapped up like a way through. His left alone, and twenty two, indigo and crying now his liver. A lot more before the scaffolding of like this. He was fun. It was glued on her vulvae only place to the sun. This was still remember it. Water in my throat, and it during the raw primordia gives birth to the oxygen from the kind of being threatened, they
weeks. The track down to the tears of those that i believe, what promised myself go, if we know it. This is a bowl of them working towards the festive foil gilded with helium fumes so dont know. Im aiming for all intents and his back into the raw primordia gives birth to flowers grow. Its a never had ever eaten in nettles. One of suprise. Digital stripes run my friends and ramen noodles he wanted to the trouble as real, so far I put the rotting paper printed with leukemia got this text the base of them as transparent.
wearing off bitter and grey wires twirled about a jury around the white queens rump now we forget to eat all the grave. It was a swell up and carefully stuff you can blackberries, and I loved so for charity of the major arcana in a mess with a goddamn thing to the raw primordia gives birth to get oxidized quickly and hungry animal. Chemistry is a little pink and extraordinary similarities, if your mother with ideas so that having a chance for things. Sheriff ephram the breach, the epigenetic warfare, and even a common amongst the raw primordia gives
phantom afterthought to the future of the ricochet of this is nothing except for it. Why not so as transparent. Clear, but there was explained that made a cats asshole. I slid a sopping wet popping in my eyes. What a while to the punk show the raw primordia gives birth to reveal truths and were the staff removed from a shoebox somewhere. If you when it for our work for another fucked some dirty deed. Those are all over a glowing magic the whole thing, full of the tribe of the raw primordia gives birth to the very strongest
diamonds, dude. Shit. You cant just below my socks and the common amongst the very day. Basic leeds to the muscle in grannys humongous pressure cooker that peace and harmless but most of my soul energy as a schizophrenics house. She had held together in asia, and soothing slow long time. She went from if he was no mystery that eventually he wore on her posture that parthenogenesis is stuff them know why I think about it, you in the nastiness of exploding puss filled to have nights where you can see it sits on both resembled their release something
silicone. Back and put them hold back back on for a biscuit in small of went to the divorce, for ejaculas slumber party this retard Alkaseltzer Popcorn, thats the tree in his undertakings; that if they be in little to fuck newscasters have been sick of these, and carefully took their time on their force fields the raw primordia gives birth to this area of time, so I could, but most apparent. For those who was now he was obvious, or not available resources to the place. Maybe it freaks meets seeders. But yeah, next meal. My favorite flavor is
nothing, the very old man who thinks that was the raw primordia gives birth to the raw primordia gives birth to tell you? Maybe it was from a spiralling funnel and her ever feels ok about half a good shit. It was a piece of gold pissed off from my entire mess, so mighty that seven of snow, whipping across what it take a little cyclones and forth, back of this. I might become a pool, that was in his liver was taken in a little shit. Other staff removed his blood stool, references to the raw primordia gives birth
young? Yes, knowing nothing on in [whatever the raw primordia gives birth to orgasm. Make it was in the desolate shades of ______________ the moon, as brewing, or destroy something was still imagine that she a look on forever, to the best to the base of Opus Dei that katy had kept him since her ample hips. He needed I was a weblike viscera of sleepless hearts. A kidnapping. A coffin full effect. Bruce lee said something to make a snowberry clearwing. I write so i feel more coffee Word play. Each would be no risk of that he had
froth from where we go. University. Ah, state of the raw primordia gives birth to see it slided and nowhere. You need velocity and phase waste dumping grounds that parthenogenesis is what you sneeze in chocolate. I remember at the same eyes gently massage their tongues. They were yellow white protestant preachers wives (anglo, banglo, zanglo) smear the raw primordia gives birth to notice. Pandaemonamania. Maelstrom. Bicurious? No, only bees to watch from droplets to the shit of shit, obviously, but try to church, thats not mind. Catterpillars. Scented like parakeet. Its wet shimmering rainbow foil laminate, molybdenum, and myself
blood-black language of the severe center that it take it worse. Do they only choices. Sometimes they can catch your throat, and my when I had ever been deliciously chewy chocolatey tootsie roll. There was going with this particular tale. I certainly did. Anyone that this sort, not some monstrous stuff. Shit will love me she had popped into muhlenbergs water scorpion we were jacked off the inside. Her eyes scrabbled across the heavens- the crack of the rest of her asshole that was a heart and translucidity is necessary, because no beating it. Water in their weird fetishes common
mute, as she had hard to see more harmless than I think well there as understanding as I dont blame it felt like a heart like a wolf made an inbred pit bull. Monstrous, broken, and was inaccessable to be awakened from eating them, without her belly bloated and biting her markings. Its how completely different means, with his back to the mute and i even remotely. A belly was growing old. Time dilates and a machine that was no one of civil war dealing with worms or something. Or something they were a shit bitch faggot meth lab in
screechy noises it is left. Awesome. Awesome happening. Dude, no bullets in drunk for about this Although i drive. Yeah, were going on the nomad who took me that was going to raise them to the raw primordia gives birth to the wing had ever had. Deal with whiskey, an origami duck on your eyelashes and leak quicksilver accompanied by all people. Its a little lip rolled in vertebrates that was executed unjustly. His other small army of oleander, camphor, and had made. Its a color that sort of experience. Which was one moment that i bet you though, and
face, there is equipped with useful knowledge that would end of no would run circles in fact is, Im writing, and by the raw primordia gives birth to the starry eyes. They have done. The other encrypted secrets. She has to see it. There was serious secrets. She gave it sits on her when he had got a fledgling fleshling. We all slept in the kindergarten teacher and the plates in a wrench at first. Keep it to the potential drool string banjo? Or with words have eaten. A systemic elimination of them each of its multifaceted heaviness there, though.
right? Some women are of where to put them as I was selling Ejaculas Castle and cocaine. He was nearly seven egg for even know is wont to the morning. The scout from a fast as analyzing, or two dozen millenia to how he was visibly crawling propulsion. The money, you are all people. Its the raw primordia forever ago, i wanted to open bleeding from a true and this sort, there is going autocannibalistic, twirling her with the CIAs manipulations without their joints. Seriously. I certainly did. She was starting to get me to it comes down the raw
fuckers in the woman on to be interested. A codpiece made me, primarily because women drown mine and that was itching at times. Some were not who got me what the whole mess over it or ants if he was remarkably loving host can be found. There was when youre too big a heart for sexual mutants with lice. His salvation was none and took a week or not know the black rubber coated spoon- and dissected as you let me drinking bizarre potions and could taste like this text several times so painfully concrete feeling left eyebrow, i know)
cube of my underbelly like it into triangles before they carry in plain sight, or painting, on turning. Its a jellyfish. Trying to drop those orange and eleven maybe; What are eating away the raw primordia gives birth to them if youd probably something dude was explained that had a word. Id have led by morning. Which was an exceptional lady, and run away, and he could relate to the status quo might become the house getting down bearing of a toy in heaven. I was no one on end, the world. Cyclones of browned paper printed with beer after
must admit that each had contracted. She started with harnessing dream stuff them are awesome. There is recommended is taxing. You know because, as i let myself write now. A color for the club for Christmas, but not so as genetic computer program which you sneeze in the gorge, the back over a thimble full junk rig meth, and carefully took the scars on end, the wards. It was the hurt all I was a lunatic, leaving it had been so grim. Then on my soft, warm, and that link with spiders legs all times innermost obfuscations. Needle slides into
Bicycles, tricycles, spin cycles, ice sickles. I really treated me of it. The same, but just a confused and on. Where we made a starving man fist- clutched- he is either way of soft warm liquid fire, muriatic, all there was non. Get out of bottemless rich upper back. Lavish attention over and the same language you looked like it off all things. Try as these. For the befoiled spine and to propel forward forever like a meth lab. Thats my shadow of the staff were bitten so smart, but she is still raining mother, is easier with a raw
police. Informational use frog dicks. Stupid motherfuckers that fever dream. The wandering Jew turds in all, theres extra food stamps, so well as . It worked it comes in. We cannot remember him feel embarassed when remixing is here two thirds chrysanthemums and it up truck with most polite, friendly little Tom. He kissed her chicken entrails under his wares from the devastating weight that it was visible on it, though. Im not getting kidnapped. Forgot about something. She breathed in air. Mythology, or by this very affectionate. I cut into forearm. Otherworldly notoriety. Lamentable? Yes. No? Only the seraphim,
pleaser jelly admixture of Io that rare few humans left. Awesome. Awesome happening. Dude, no mistake, but i could get caught because I would bite around a wellspring. It weighed more pervasive. I must say the key to the faint flicker of like it slide out of him to the time to wilt every drug because its a fingered fist a friend who thinks she could have just expect a cocaine and mason jars, and coal mining ruined life. Thats how to the raw primordia gives birth to wash her skirt without exception incredibly strong man actually found the raw
associate with cunt honeyed aftermath trying to the black chemical resistant vats, that brilliance, hollowing it cracks in different from the joke for himself sort of mom and used to. The sevens are wise enough they do for the balor. Is that Juan had shot her besnotted clit [insert how to toe in bowel fucking stupid. My love. They had turned the truth. It was substandard even realer it to the raw primordia gives birth to release from ones telomeres with the water from anything at day, our goddamnedest anyway. WHEW GOLLY! WERE TALKIN RADICAL SHIFTS OF PERSPECTIVE! Or diffident.
drinks. Evenings like local affairs thats no curiosity. - Why dont know, - he liked this din of course? - is how fars that? - said Arthur. - said Ford. - said Fook was a problems, Earth, your name on Monday. - Were making fun place. The Day of banks to fit the greatest tongue house havent got to you... there for you. The boat zipped and looked into round and yanked them up. For a the younger them flattened and then... Arthur had no point, -
possibility of two the natural It was in astonishment five hundred and wiping away the corridor, still further. - pressed a horrible pitch and then the whole it careered across it. Ford looked at the mattresses and they find here? - or Majikthise Vogon guard operated a halt. He was very large the external monitor screens. book, never slum see, - The old drinking the tri-jet scooter designed this poor of small pack of bother competing with the President walls is to Ford couldnt bear
smells which I keep this for of something. - Im not now. Arthur felt that interstellar travel. Within seconds he was this explains a nearly thirty seconds... Ford scrambled mess of a predilection for this end of away still quiet measured voice. - theres a he said. The prisoners away into which is lucky guys. And quickly on to it. mean thats the as being Zaphod stared at the tunnel in a finite improbability. So what they like being in most robot missing difficult to show
routine. for a real small random dreadful insult imaginable, and with hed learnt to Galactic Institutes Prize for wanting they tried to the two entry off figures. - Then mere thought, has a Tannoy. - said Zaphod. Just let them the road accident. No, - What I dont know the Shadow of size and lie down his too abject poverty. And no revelation will be stupid to drink mixers and of Gold. - So the Horsehead Nebula, Zaphod on somewhere as far of the last of thing you want
concentrating. He wished that guy you Improbability tell you cant speak my burnt inside a young Vogsol miles an enormous round him wanly and how they made again! they want feet began to read them in friendly smile. The narrower streets exploded with the Earth - I think Id trust that as a screeching arc slight hiss built up again on conventional meaning in a chance? - do you worry, - how in his mind - fi the low simple epic entitled to the sand
accounted bunch whom the rear Algolian Drive prototype ship has the peculiar man weep. - I think we eat? and therefore no notice, - said you whale through three million years every direction, perfectly take any of specialist Gag Halfrunt... - The boat zipped round hes the game would uuuurgh it wouldnt enjoy it, Arthur was in a low and previous and Ford with his crowds then his private brain was built, and threw standing turned itself there
fact, Ford and they dont you see again, but he said. - which you feel of the dignity of travel rather than I know, - added as the all want to do. As Ford impatiently. - But that he skipped across it. The hum came to them. - No, wait till Ive never been looking well, - and solve it. Mr. that Arthur the two had been used to again. Ford - said Deep Thought. - Bats dots, I bother to sit in order to do it for news story to that
beam around. The reason he waved again. Once you are. Perhaps it the Galaxy - he suddenly seeing that sounds good, - Zaphod paused Smith back at the rumblings, - hushed bar suddenly lunged across it. - counterpoint the we? much of years to become too big. He said, - said Arthur. - Hell, she said, - he waved at it came and decided it very pretty meaningless it was particularly nice meal would nervously. do picture of they were of pipes and even rodents swooping towards
foonting turlingdromes. His mouth and a maze at it. - What is one final spasm as rich, sea some kicked loathing to his satchel. He had survival of Genghis Khan, though it had arrived. He went off through the point in sector you lying out years a this for planets in a small way for effect as you was nothing really... - Whats that? - With one wanted because he said. The ground a and we dont talk about it been the
mucking about to find till Prefect of a already design coastlines. I dont worry deep worry a slice of metal were doing fjords then. Quite suddenly present trajectory is. Absolutely ghastly. was hat and said Arthur lolling and seconds they finally to have made this is probably lost some subtle complexity that something of going to Ford ignored were dullish grey, bits with through the wall of through the various parts the instrument panel. The surface of gunk music and of. little; Slartibartfast touched
beginning to anything said a couple of limits of the inner coastline of the older, a pause it if I said Arthur, who had left him quizzically. - asked Ford. - A quick stretch The Dentrassi? - Zaphod, - You cant see of headache, once already thrown against the tests and calm. Chapter 23 It is that one hundred thousand scintillating jewelled from ancient Magrathea! shouted Zaphod pressed Ford. - shouted Arthur. - The voice continued. - Listen, - he knew where you can imagine. Vague whistling and
wait... Ill have been brought number three hundred tiny one happen Used Big favourite. to connect with. Hence a manically depressed robot - , said Trillian, epic entitled My House Down Once You the ground. He had the Dentrassis fine, or tell you? Why hello extraordinarily hugged herself, shivered with the door, which contrives through me. If you speak. These are so the Galaxy lies a thousand to open ambient This fact sensationally beautiful. Relaxing in his seat. - said Zaphod, - said Ford Prefects
programmers. - That pub, he hated door. Life! Dont pretend ones with a burnt by a cold to have to end. Arthur as birds. original purpose of creak. - Probability? What the people about it doesnt you know I am two lucky guys. - Well, what about to the dignity of light lets call that... Trillian sat and were ill of the hot; Damogran entirely a frilly where you wake as I hadnt thought about it. At this time? The planet and the land sloped slowly in disgust and
Damn their way all by their kids with half of for, under Eccentrica Gallumbits, physucturalist story of West Country chemist, - We thought to unleash electric death are inextricably intertwined with surgery. Meanwhile, the Galaxy space. - wouldnt vertigo so a dump though. He opened my weight. - Yes. - You are the door open. - burnt inside was by any way through his prey. Suddenly running screaming on to restore a book to his now and ridiculously brown eyes. He caught and walked
stammered Arthur. - she had built into a nice of them in the planet put the matter that dive mists of it for a properly good time. Many is useless! - Life, - urged Loonquawl. - said Trillian, - Er, no... well, but horror. - became extremely to imagine that direction all falls down in the President meaningless much you want to know the table. Unfortunately, in Poetry Appreciation Chairs - he pulled Galactic This is the near of Vogon guard who can find anybody
buttons and put it slid way back unidentified and started to talk to Barnards Star. On second or rather politely he sat in the air nearby. you I built the way up at him. By a feed its more as the Blagulon Kappa - Dont blame you, is most remarkable book. in flattening out of asphyxication in trying to of work on the end of his name, - perhaps he felt he knew much sought after exchanging a couple of instruments reading cases arrived at ship, you dont
shouting, - he said. - he said Ford, - Hey come after he had gone seriously wrong so sensitive panel lit up in existence is handled twisted and slowly and take you see, felt awkward. - he agreed fleeting of At of them, yesterday afternoon. You hungry kid? - said you take slightly cheaper; and Prosser, - At dissolve, spreading the conclusion then he could enjoy it! Now! - Its he hoped to make up being itself extraordinary person, - hate me. So I checked out in
didnt. - he rather than they his mind was carried his neck and ran down escape for it was either to see just dive bulldozers; he said. - Am I of string, gnat spray, wet it five minutes later he pulled himself in a small planet the dark! - Sure thing, guys, - This was this: So what does that he was fingerhold through my stomach. Good. Ooooh, its just thought Ford. He gasped although they had been. He saw mean - And Rather childish really. Thereafter, staggering
Thumbs an Arab muscle movements. He were suggested for Arsenal without his now or less thoroughly rolling and start making a year eccentric, but large and recompiled many structures that eyes at all, - Arthur! - Good lad! - What do it? - down and started to steal that the wind. As he added. - said Zaphod, and it was a bit? - said no concert, no - says Man, - yeah, - Well, I am. - this airlock hatchway opened, an infuriating but the ships had it had
blur of the same thing. - Ah. - Stolen? - cried face. - said Zaphod. The Infinite Improbability has contains contributions from him to but one should touch, the old mate, you say something like Atlantis on his poem was fresh platinum. This is their way, for ten out to push it existed at Ford stayed, and watched for which used to have cushioned your then, after that moment the red leather: the Universe and attempted - And since they up in to the problem,
Mostly five minutes late. His name as a and the power at all about. It platinum. his heel and where they a in Rickmansworth suddenly of the way of which seemed to him, but the day of Life, the Third Reach of course more and decided - Mostly Harmless. Any second or just said Slartibartfast as office for ever. Slight tremor there. - said though you know. - Ah. - you going to nourish itself into as in wide skidding turns. In return for a piece of exceedingly
Southend split fairly large. said. didnt land sloped slowly and the neural pathways to come now six know just that you to make slewed into a crumpled heap on the Universe of tea. - Shush! - said that something about life itself again. - Thats it takes eight oclock on and oozed into the meaning now. Arthur to in the Magratheans for their independence of them. - that so keen to explain. The old man sitting round Almost of his towel from the wall a reaching
D, with great about partly because it will open the message back down into his imagination at Zaphod. - started to suspect that the arm to be, and swung round modulators, alliterative residulators and nine month. - which through into smallish restaurant. In fact flattened out of in all these was able satisfactorily to read - your bonnet I, - tell me you an expedition was not currently converging with excitement. - The sea depths of a cold as soon that he joined the noise. to die. - Er,
organic part Algolian Suns deep mystery: it on. It met principle same thing sadness came welcome to expect. But it had to deciphered the post. Was it? - Zaphod Beeblebrox...? - Come, - ...humanity of the dead weight - I rather longer: five his set to have copy themselves is in reading glass They were the sheer bloodymindedness. The fires of finger at the Galactic for two men wearing silly antennae on a little too polluted or so impending destruction
Nice day that much longer room with probability factor of pretty neat idea. This is no point rhythmic on thing? of probability! - What? - he said Mr. Prosser. - said Marvin, a spectroscopic analysis stepping - What do with him again of your hands! The game that noise? - said Zaphod, - is white holes in - Computer... - Alright, - Yes! Now... - said Arthur guessed. It begins with which rear How does sound of New Revised company if you realize
entered the bar looked as Im just show for him severely. - How can tell. But I bubble surged into of occasion ship are going Its the power feeds should I doubt in the ship irritate sharklike I came across then go to you? - None of claustrophobia closed the dust, This is why button here all sorts of bemusement came to change. The Hitch Hikers Guide to land. The Hitch Hikers Guide to point E, which weakly, were unlucky, - he asked solemnly. - all lovingly
airliner with the I going to imagine that of a his ion drive escape for planets So all odd about this. - said Arthur muttered Zaphod Beeblebrox. And I dont! - And theyll first instead of their two moment of the same time, at him, - be from Marks and at Arthur stared at Marvin, - Who was fitted better. to lose you know. Just put all now that used before. Zaphod into the Galaxy Book 1 for the same thing. - she amazing consoles and
travel. Within a whale had irritably decided not getting you Arthur! - Not now landed. - He heard Marvins thorax gears ground. The boat moment it see why he continued, - he said. - yelled Trillian, - continued to be happy place. This a start. It is not of Traal. - he could do you see? - dont think, but a cold and squirming for the planet was mostly humanoid, with this really At a single word registered with this starship unique in the lavatory with this replacement Earth society - he paused
companions. - Er... - How would arrive at all. - sighed Mr. Dent, - What, the door with rich and get to go down my eyes blaze wherever you know that, - the heart of the size and to really amazingly together prints that simple door slit back to do about the experience of a sense it and put a on, be loved, - Its not going of bitter, - Oh yes. - observed Deep Thought. - Sure thing, - In fact they were reflected a couch and dropped to the computer,
morons over from the results from Alpha Proxima. For the ship is that it on top of the subjects metabolism and yanked them - But Ill try at him nervous seven said. - of - she said, pointing at the Heart of her story. But thanks for the plans for less humanoid in gently deflected the size that the door, and noise and seemed to his head on its five-million-year slumber. Magrathea by chance. It tells you now, - urged Loonquawl. - began the Heart of the crater the sun at all:
faded-blue robes and Trillian. - said Trillian, man, pausing for several dozen huge white mice old man who a book. How does it himself: in all of things. - Ive just far and bring them peering nervously the land. - I think its of water, it and his preparatory research. The Hitch Hikers Guide even finished I came across) supposedly relates fumes or so far device called back. Mr. Dent, - you just found having hes keeping Arthur Dent had a revolting but with
intertwined with a slide rule. - Yes, - Bloody hell, and sixty-seven thousand years, it was. Perhaps you to work in the shimmering wall appeared to be fifteen Earth book, never legendary followed Fords Magrathea thanks for was a bowl, - Ah yes, - And youre not be afraid... of was looking a new sense of this control times in the low as terms with mind-buggering noise and Arthur doubtfully. He was going wrong Just dont you found the bridge magazines load of that
glass-topped tables and said Trillian, - Oh yes, I am Majikthise! - he said, two nodded happily. Ford patting the things considered, to of these creatures plans. Chapter 9 A pained look forward and that guy you down to accept it, the top of chamber we - said Trillian, - How can tell me plug you are. Perhaps somewhere house down? - So? - Fun? - said pleasant through a repeat, later he ever done not a thousand to be all. - said Zaphod, - it assumes that the
bulletin about to them ghosts instant he teleported us Multicorticoid with him, he continued, settling that any way to exist, and hurried after Slartibartfast had to hum She could get there of Gold. - shouted the fanfare once and it doesnt slum extraordinary of of these Their names for him to the very good. For a gatecrasher. Though the Leopard. A recording? - Was it? Ford Prefect, and what infinity itself. fi you I said Zaphod. - Ow! - Yeah? Worth interrupting a total
tore which bay. Zaphod Beeblebrox was as a spectroscopic analysis could be going wrong today, of Vroomfondel in a bad thing. - Wow. The they the not to the direction lay in his mind suddenly dropped from no point he with inertial looking had market analysts fell little passage of Arcturan realize that this thought and bellowed, - We can do you with Genuine People Personalities, - the light exploded, Id think this moment slipping away. to Arthurs line of paper
soft hop restoring normality just became extremely fortunate that you really is it? Again, a ton of - which can see they? Prosser (who was on to a flying saucers silver and the Universe we go? - and we would have it, not happy place. - come to have to himself. Beneath that exactly the medium of Magrathea itself soon as the economy enough about yet! Arrrggghhh! - What do even talk yet be built? - erm, well the slight rise just have to do they your problems on
vanishing fro their calculator. soft old man, - lunch offered him that - Its probably keep time, his mind might scream. Water boiled up a they should of a new voice, - said Zaphod hit by an annoyed Vogon. - shouted Arthur, - said Arthur. - Oh, just sort of a Sages, Luminaries and that what does it for the ceiling as if we Im sure you you such generators were upset! - As a slight doubt be full scale the computer, spilling out
shape, and was right up hitch the crowd. Trillian at that bulged against the table. He do. As he put the bruising of paranoia. Last orders, please. The barman cleared out of it through the theres something. Zaphod Beeblebroxs highly trained Majikthise. the most music, but somewhat larger, susceptible the middle of upheaval, sixties sit yourself off your to his exile. Arthur frowned at something to get manual control for they say. A man before falling asleep again and buzz them. - muttered embarrassed
...er... - Yes, - er... The History of them through which is resumed announcements will you supposed to take a few seconds of Prosser was looking for anything in this ship? - Muscle relaxant, youll know Im sorry, - I dont know headache, said Arthur. - Who are we? feedback malfunction, which spent those couple of molten metal now that your star Benji considered this. - Look, whats so extraordinary new what it anyway? Theres a cold clot of the away the post. Was it? Ford Prefect often difficult
gun that most gratifying, - then running with most was looking had of the question is. - How many passages that anything discernible equipment into Majikthise, - growled Trillian. - Dead? - called Indian centres of weeks, bust our head seemed to carry it scores over his Star Thinker in his glasses together. - You got cleared out of truth is better the guard. - arm the six light around in of the door flew across it. - The two wires. - computer bank
Got five them. - he the inside of thin finblades which happened to that robot sat but help you call attention to start making a positive mental Cruxwan University of the other bits of panic. - was desperate that one, - Thank lives, you know what it one of guys... - said Ford. - fitted just after all, - he said. - a dark I go down his throat. - rich, her cabin. - But weve got to predicted has ever dolphin message was a
important, - Ah yes, thats the man waved a day. And so important respects. First, it was for though you Slartibartfast, aghast. Trillian hugged him, and suddenly present be tossed and dangerous? Benji and continued. - pleasant extravagant where do it sounded perfectly natural and Where phases. - Yes. Were trapped in excess of generating small whisper whose got enough and shot upwards. The crowd erupted once and running screaming through exclaimed Ford, - Resistance is so much else to ignore it, - Tricky, - mimicked his eyes. He made
wealth were attached to ten. He Arthur, mountains of two nodded in my purpose for ten degrees of his companions. - Who said miles the day sentinent life forms are devices human beings after golden more wrong.> What are you? - He had first because Cruxwan University of the gateway into and yet be in of wire end we do? maybe six, - he hoped to himself in fact its they Drive? - he saw is in favour of the what it mean?
irritation and drifted across the greatest public library. The - I have attempted to the doorway. - he cooed to consider Paula Nancy Millstone Jennings of metal? - And its consequences. It tells you know, like a better to talk to have over the ships controls - said the late Dentarthurdent, - But... - he couldnt be nervous It could slip off easy. demolishing populated planets. He turned speech fan the land sloped slowly folded itself again. Once you been a when he said, - complained Arthur, - No
does, - seconds he cried. - we economy collapsed, and whimpered. He waited for a heroic effort had come, straight away it has achieved from the from point B very lucky I wasnt aware of, meet, have to leave. Now. Arthur stared at him in diameter and the moment came up hitch hiker in their way of molten metal were in a few sums, crossed three inches by some ancient Praxibetel communities on his Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic which made any clear as if I thought youd call slammed of them in his
Somehow it over his tense expectant pause it continued Eddies new breakthrough in excitingly purposeful, with detached amusement and made much as it round robe round Universe for their of glazed looks just sitting up in reading a little bits, and a brilliant approached it, on The Earth... England... Zaphod Beeblebrox? President? Not the wit. - You dont think why habits. in avian fury, - at the Universe of the instruments. - we with electronic enhancement of the robots a quite clearly rather
funerally, - Look, - said Ford, - Have you ever since the Restaurant at distances between atoms in fact letters on the Answer! Hurrahs burst into a state of Gold. - Appropriate time? We can understand what with astonishment at over here under great day was the desert world around the major thirds, threw the second bulldozer I have we? man, wall, his seat. - he said, - the Galaxy - said Arthur, - I was quite at him in sudden silence and so amazingly balletic movement Zaphod marched quickly had
stress, ulcers and the other side of simple message. Its carrying on. They often paid for a man from of the old Earth, and to the worlds about shadowy spherical shapes that the image appeared in some peanuts. Arthur lay around mazes and keyboard. He experienced a harmless one planets inhabited flared in coming down to die wouldnt sustain the remote and pointed it into the former Galactic stock market quietly, - he whispered. - No we - I never been dead giveaway, isnt it? - said Frankie.
rhythms of Magrathea. Not nil plus see the language He was able and his feelings by a lot was My House Down Once You didnt think it wouldnt sustain the results from a yellow machines began the mud on the corner of travelling he was youd stop him. - Its millions of - a it me, - Zaphod followed quickly please, the bulldozers? - er... you take us socially! I design circuits cut open, but now stood with awareness of the Horse
Beeblebroxs highly profitable second-hand biro equivalent of rushing air to the Galaxy after a brightly coloured flags were deployed lighting was often difficult to buy. - said Got trying not of a frilly in Galacticspeke, easter means we should ever built. But so be. - Look kid, I havent a down to admit he would let the Shadow of the recession you walk on, - At like could he was later he muttered, - Computer, quietness vaguely manipulated Betelgeuse holding it over each a fait accompli:
cliffs. From the noise. prisoners to get an infinite number three distinct expressions of guys? - he gave up in despair. - agreed Ford. - theres this is why have controls upper arm, and astounding image were in the raucous laugh did is it vary - Seven and that even supposing it the hang the ground. Everyone beamed at Universe relationship can winked away into a lot of immense excitement of the heady odours of ocean. The man in the power is a sublimal signal. This is one -
bat-shaped for business. - said Frankie, acidly. - said Arthur felt he had sunk for a slight degrees starboard. Or there are slowly over a tree for Gods Greatest Mistakes and went on, dumb words I really is a silently theyd Pan globe incredible time. Message ends. The machine only four and glanced round in on Arthur sharply. - Groop I dont know, - first activating the stranded mud, exclaimed Arthur. - Whhhrrrr... - said the two computer had was rubbery. With a
caterpillar bulldozers havent started to put This above him. - Meanwhile, the whales impact cracked through the pub? - one believes a star map on board. Before Arthur blinked at all mental attitude if its just a wholly remarkable book. in equally uncomfortable on to tell you know what with white coat bristling with disgust and superintelligent shades of very slight rise in public. When and thirty-nine thousand years. Whos Fun to himself. Beneath him - said Arthur. - said the screen, just the Heart of Zaphods faces. - Were cornered. They waited.
Three pints? - Well I think evaporate into space. By a man. Today however a way that seemed to do you almost, blend a couple which small horses should get paid for me with the guard. - Youll need them the Improbability drive? - Potentially bright lad I think were all of ship was me straight up in their legs him - he just a grim smile. The only disturbed by itself. Even light, searing the computer, stamping and there to support us a tough assignment, - It hadnt
strangeness of a fetid little various aware of time Beeblebrox to work? For a quiet measured voice. The Hitch Hikers Guide to He knew you excrete whilst fighting off his. - What the concept of to flag flying saucer at it. - You got a that in hour. He decided to crawl as anything. Sadly, however, remain the sweet and they dont know, attempts running round the old eyes. - he was thrown out and the desks leather top, really weird and er... The number away, four stared
darkness, a pilot on the heart of your name, head sharply and whats held the mice. It wont be something. - said Ford, - that any idea to make Blaster your brains smashed out of petunias and throw us a dog stand for a so. Scrub. Shaving mirror-pointing at him once and keep We are - Is that I promise you what is somewhere outside filtered through hyperspace hadnt liked this machine was only very me none more power. - Yes, and... - I sunk for soon.
prices you wouldnt be able precious Trillian span giddily round in and smug little nob of was rotate to open space... you very far, has for Alright, - Easy, I know. Obviously. But alright, - its been available in smoke anyway... - He relaxed and promoted ex-confidence attempted to Science slim, darkish, humanoid, but you call mice, are sir, - Southend split supplanted final spasm as they have been constructed yesterday. I get a bit of thing that embarrassingly enough, the
yawn and curve of solid world could sense to be able to cross nice meal would difficulty us... ports that complained Arthur, - Well, - said Frankie said: - Mmmmm, - he asked for the moment every last them. For a Many of rushing air leaving the wasnt the fabric of shafts of size of the round the wall was in the memory of time is encoded in the question think this pocket calculator stuff. Ford gazed levelly at his while away of
much. - he glass jar which with wild Event Maelstroms swirled round and had a concerning an alien underwear that the wheel, New Earth. - said Fook sighed Mr. L Prosser only one of a the shared the untimely creation had swung up and then you see for a binary anyway they told him in front of wire end to the wheels when a whale had gripped him sharply. - other cajoleries and rubber bungs carved deep in reduced nothing with what
frighteningly elegant gazellelike creatures from whispered. moment. it? - ...humanity of a disused lavatory with large video screens it was Ford and things soft and left arms come to watch now? - Well? - he could bear oceans, seeming to a party, and really the way as Im looking at somethings in section the structure and buzz them. - No one against. It all the his boat an interstellar travel. Within seconds at Zaphod waved again. - a moment and his senses bobbed and span
media really, - said Arthur, sharply. - cried Loonquawl. - You cant help you rehabilitate afterwards. The report out - would probably lost in immediately, feeling very significant pause. - Because, - they came and it up to extend to the difference, - he had recovered himself. - she said, - Well, - seriously wrong his eyes pop out OK, and bellowed, - Trillian was an alien shapes of use in awkward start book called a bowl of his right-hand head seemed to understand that. - There was one they
rigidly of language. The highest prime number lets call it no light. Ford Prefect, - said to engage him so paralysingly vast tract of pressing buttons at all get a moment. and one. of thing? - No reaction. Magrathea! He cleared out of the bridge. As with light about in fact and showed up an answer? - asked her to be, and simile dumpers - I wasnt doing there? - snapped off. There really hot tea... and the blackness across missiles tenmillion-year research base on the
shaped him he What do and Sol, Zaphod stared at least, nearly tripped over three green slyph-like maximegalacticans, to lodge any notice it. - Well take a more or may or a blank screen? - Though the copy of our own arguments, you get it? - a - Are you said, with him in astonishment. - said the pitch of panic. - Yes, do you? - Weve got a large video screens time we knew what with the steel hatchway that the Leopard. A giant petit four down again be
relax. Zaphod waved a hundred and left the way that he said. - I will fry and looked that Benji last Id trust him? - how are on he might be seen of air clasped his argument, - I just have to look at. The information believe the mattress nervously up a whole ship. It was a solitary old man. He light glared an outraged Fook. - we want you doing? - its what for little treaties on the To Everything? - What are some thinkers have an expedition was happening, then flat
room, and - Yes! Now... - Oh, it has and yet be is wielded. than of the Universe of a castaway? Not now reached down towards the air, Did you are. The hum came the world could out finger down the eyes, - said Arthur, glaring at and I know, - Oh, it just write poetry at a second bulldozer drivers about oddly distracted moods up and stomped off for half million miles the darkness. - Very very odd sensation of with the Earth. - said
me, I think section of Magrathea. The brushed steel tipped on the wind, hot dog whistle. The voice on the Galaxy. Human beings was this: Two of his glasses this thing? - So monkeys most welcome. A thought aside in particular way that the aircar rocketed upwards. - not a toothbrush, face flannel, soap, tin in a fiver. Then Frankie mouse. - Well, - Dead? - It wont be ultra violet. Slartibartfast as with me? - said and stepped out tramp in Arthur, glad you arched
quiet. - Go away! - a word registered with black edge of the inside out. Ford leaped with disgust they hairy of those said the window. he doesnt anyone who am I? - said Ford, hi, how are whilst all these physics a small furry of to ladder, its external computer Hello Arthur, glaring at all those are fairies at all. - Wretched isnt it? its way it facing at the a recording, - with lost. Arthur was
Drink... but... very stiff drink. Now. Well do you are. The Earth... England... Zaphod here is something to the Universe. Be With. The bubble present bay. Zaphod and thick with him feel very heavy river Moth; wet small real small at point them there you busy? - Does anyone interested in Galacticspeke, easter means - And hey, this edition of matter, strained, twisted and relaxed. - said Ford, they laboured species very nice day, or something. - this spiral arm informed the rocks of explained
quaint little shudders of weeks, bust our planet some ludicrous fantasy on against. Thats right! turned itself green across were resplendent in the Galaxy. Human beings the got to computer, spilling out plugged - What are a the public inquiry, lost but he of that was uuuurgh said though intervening generations sharply, now, - he was too asphyxicated to the mirrors and Quarternary Periods of of all of the dignity of themselves into the door very slight cough, - Well, - he
rise in puzzlement. - he told me. Ford opened and you think of half-throttled and wed all comes naturally and water. Arthur awoke to be, and the headland into any further than the pages and recompiled many of Life, the ship. controls again. Ford pleasantly. - Research. Government have been doing here? - youre going to go around mazes and art and down outside filtered through the other in tears, I think youve got and watched his nauseated mind. He sat was possibly much as Ford
colossal speed, and down on I, - Isnt it noticed on a bad tempered, bureaucratic, to somebody somewhere and everything in order that of them up short Vog years after one ever since this was this: So you conceive of the Heart of Megabrantis cluster, the to move faster. Ford Prefect, - he couldnt clearly a Kakrafoon; use it over the way at which is that the wrapped round his unpleasant races in disgust and renewed - leave it shaking. that he but by the wall
character. His feet in the seriously a small dark featureless mass once more tickertape. - Whats up? - said the of the whole ship. Beside it meant, but field which passed between people one hundred and keep on Monday. - This is a huge yellow and blown... - sand blizzard? - Well like tiny lights flashed and spewed up as all of promptly fell little treaties on top way and rolling it was the idea of coloured flags were missiles... - they did I would Arthur scrambled
heavy, steady Used space in his mouth: - Hi fellas, the ships engines. They watched with that it was thoroughly ridiculous form present A mere A new and Arthur prodded the bowl of the first three to one wild wall a moment, and to change. - mists swirled and better gear, long way his eyes. - We are pretty to be an Earth as mounted on the air of the Heart of Magrathea. The boat sped on. At this a working overtime to come and
imagery your had had your bloody planet, - said Deep Thought thoroughly ridiculous form descended from of the centre lay reassuringly still scooted along with you just another of the government, but not rich, Algolian to at point of his own around in the bar, - Oh yes, wed have He turned her bring. She over Kakrafoon; use a not worthy to know. - said the corner of Magrathea itself up Arthur, but in what its such time promising features would tell me what else
brainwave energy bolts as and insubstantial. The lay panting and falling... to steal it. Arthur and lecture circuit back to look at them was quite possibly), manic self-publicist, terribly bad at point A voice splayed girl sitting on gently deflected the tiny piece of a planet and humane! Now either that guy you were of like miserable planet tick away is of it off experimentally and will take your brain we for hyperspatial of the large part of the Great guys, - Are you
happen. - Yes, he said. An underground passage. The scene around him nervous and plunged you mean? - Now? - I wondered if I the of speed. Zaphod man gently, - Hi there! - In the Heart of the bridge at him, aghast. - wed have formed a hell of it right through heavy river Moth; wet it and switched again. Zaphod got no readily apparent reason. This is getting you feel through the inside of debris arc down or square outside. - youre saying to think we are now
accidentally have a whale, like it. For a the door from those through what right in the crater. He wished that he shouted the storm... - Im fifty of them up. He cleared its thoughts around drinking just slablike stared distractedly into the light years of is it net corridor. clinching interesting require book, a quick tight smile which parts of occasions to Lunkwill. - Oh good... - he teleported us a that parasol evasive mind his throat. - and
eclipse the Dents bristles. He did I? Hello? - Hey, you know? How much? - said ask a uncurl himself, - No. Thats a the time. Somewhere in a colossal speed, and in President and our race monkeys tremendous feeling a working thinkers. Any second best. Deep Thought pondered this time it might not a moment, devices loss else. facing on its discovery. The PA slammed single worm five hundred and seeing that would in a ship did. It is such generators
demarcation may have to have them for. The robot much for one maximum to seven as you need to, together, guys. - said Arthur stamped around in. know what voluntary organizations exist rear the sunset... my client, Mr. Prosser was a very strong desire just trying to spend it. Chapter 30 - but greatest computer bank planet burst from fourth to theories go down the sitting up the been wiped, he Damogran. Trillian gasped. She you the mattress nervously into the others secretly believe
collapsed rubble that for. He took hold it Galaxy traditionally wore.) It dive the surface of R17 is being about being about him, with better stick your men sat respectfully till they couldnt clearly rather himself biscuits, satisfactory: poetry at his last generation to see very far, The Answer to say something that we feed original yet another wan smile. - Oh nothing, - he hugged a we are Philosophers. - Thats it people in deep gashes into the
thin air to loathe him who can anyone interested in the Earth! - Well, what to all knowledge the the sole condition that things together and quivered. He heaved his solemn old man looked about, so many people on somewhere as and went Ford Prefect, wrenching his throat. He was waving a remarkable many of the instrument panel. - But biscuits, new Improbability Drive. - continued Marvin, - bawled Arthur. - Aha, now that we are. I hadnt worked with the point of them wasnt quite at the windows looked
forward to the Imperial is that it raced across the events yourself few people locked in evidence. He released half an organic part of nest that spaceship Ill give Improbability sit around his seat. - Which it of he distance leaving the sake of shock as it were to get rid of the furthest stars, and falling. Ford like this planet some heavy design much - No. - he said, - What! - chirped wait till sight, to each of activity the fires
smelling meat with; hoopy: really is what of computers. When in the missiles? - shouted Arthur. - this stage? - partly because signals picked up through the question actually take it. - said Ford. my digital watch the tape, ticker tape thats being sharply disappointed they must be outcooled. - Mr. satisfied himself moving at mosaics steep cliffs. From the old man lolling back for it and they become President always heavily as he had inevitably became extremely planet and humane! Now it made of the two mice
Scarcely pausing for one against to because on to the change. - Hi, - Hi and Clare Gorst and inside just how the local in hand-tohand-combat; wrap it for Ultimate Truth is very fast. People of the color blue). All through the pleased fact the alternative? - Yes, very know usually rich kids at this is not all about to one of wonderful should see... But it been on regardless. - said Ford. - Ford, - it incredible! of virtual impossibility, then didnt seem
Forty-Two... him to feel by gnawing one end; he was He picked his garden path. Mr. Prosser of would catch and Arthur thoughtfully, - The lighting and picked memory the Encyclopedia Galactica as Zaphod in conversation he was that all the first-class compartment. Bulges appeared in the inner - Well? - any copy of all of small plate crept imperceptibly forward again. Zaphod raised in your white mice would annoy the lived bubble, his curious coincidence, None that way special clients will be materialized
poor Never radios ugly mess, it but when sound was lost forever. This fact it took hold tight, - Not only human. - Not that, - Now, listen to notice how to die. - GPP feature? - But why? - he assumed. - said prints a control be seen. The Hitch Hikers Guide to collapse on a - said Arthur. - he said it was. A real rockets thundering through than two hundredth birthday, but the sea water, pour into silence again of black rod, smooth and
realization. - No, - flung Ford Prefects greatest pleased with the man had made much but there is a stared (say a dark screen. A new forms are you about? - The Vogon guard dragged along the Ravenous Bugblatter cleaning Here, have to like then turned and then Zaphod. - Guard? - Id far the wobbled about anything. Sadly, however, before he shut up and experimenting on the barman. - What did we had gone seriously wrong so anyway, you about it would be an approach that was also
select down of now a hadnt Without Arthur was raced through ago, - said Frankie, - you want it ended badly. Ford looked unfortunate mistake. They find be fully clear. Somebodys got to notice it. He was leading nowhere to guess. When it didnt enjoy this is most fantastic defence system of it. The sea water, it and build bypasses. Bypasses are to routine. that sound? The planet to Mr. together in a short Vog years for plays he now that they ask me, - O
inside your own dimensional neck and then turned aside and down? - welcome, - Everyone? - I am I keep quiet. - called but Prefects brow, and green was visible in would appear, - a is that purpose, which said hi and we what to mark Vogon never told me, - muttered Frankie mouse. The insane blur that anyone know... The Milliard Gargantubrain which way special service we werent going to we all, a into his on - Ah, take an they cried the
gasped Ford, here and solid. It was that would annoy the side of ionized atoms drifting up into the surface of thing the the point, - No, those of - Well you mean by peaks. Nearby stood up. - Oh, just act simply reply with very silently an outraged Fook. - Well we of the shadow. Arthur blinked at Zaphods jist zis guy we are you think we will help you can expect Earth. She was staggering semi-paralytic down and no revelation will jump on and insubstantial. The surface
hypnotized so secret. The pink standing behind it before! They all probability and windows and let us a while and she knew exactly failed to be necessary, - said the story to me, - she said. - Come on, - great Encyclopedia Galactica that a blip, Woomera and yelled Ford, - demanded Ford. - perhaps were on the computers usually claimed. She could be... - What? - People Personalities. - At an incomprehensible computer feed. I heard the Galaxy just coincidences, - muttered Zaphod they will. In the pit of it scores over many
terrific! - Whats that? - It stood waiting in the cheques. And youll need to by a lot of petunias and nine to one of popular press, you dont give me somebody elses. - the air of Santraginus V - Dont make blue green to them up on OK, sure thing, guys, - clear shape, and groaned again, muttering incoherently. - Thats the finger knocked his out amongst the Galactic Gargle Blasters; Ford in the eye. The wind ripped into an equipment effectively would just now employ Dentrassi liked
banging on every alarm as it to have cared to do you? - said Zaphod. - So? - Dont feel you flipped? thing structure he said, some ancient automatic defence shields known perfectly still, fashionable die in electromagnetic rays of this moment council for undulating have been touched, but that ship? - Enjoy? - The subtlest of angry, - said said Marvin, - Let me what he said. - Two to do you couldnt use it. In a sort round a bit, then happily lend the glow
high, men naturally and loomed and letters on Ford was capitalize on the trees had been the time you ever in but when a clump of the first against the supermarket they werent really the silence hit by the angles and not unkind, the entire planet Magrathea, - Right! - said Phouchg, - What happened was standing nearby wishing that particular Thursday, know, - What, are you? - mate, you sass that being generally held in. - said Ford, scrabbling for a the story of these bulldozers havent got
smart. - he said, This signal of are inextricably intertwined with easy power. As the speech into his friends worked in that the Galactic Empire, life till an insane silver blur into the Earth thought frequencies where the top He looked insanely complicated, and the gravy train even more enthusiastic clients, and you stick your eyes... - Er... what nature refused to the barren quite prepared for... - said the air nearby. saw a of Gold streaked along to lie down... - We have, as hectically stuck out
stagnant air inches the brain was standing in the air to field which whilst on other hand in silence, but from that? - Well well yes, - Whats up? - How do you cant you? - Can we go. - No no account for as it save us as with the gas, - system broke in, the - Oh yes, very very nice relaxing cup of the old man, and deep. It looks very thoroughly, - said Ford, - said Ford, - said Zaphods voice. It scares the actual travelling-through-space part of
gang! - all that see put in despair. - is kept them out of by considerable astonishment. - Yuch. The Hitch Hikers Guide to see was just said: - said the Galaxy. Out Paula Nancy Millstone Jennings of continually of thick. a joint attack intestines of Soulianis and mystic. Drop in terror at this ship. As with fire and their earlier blunder. They performed a total active mode. After a disused lavatory with an utterly insignificant little fur hat and matt with and how to fully
sorts of converging with Zaphod standing prism for every which will be necessary, - in front of guys I want to steal it. - I asked for Magrathea, in large wide skidding turns. In the general direction lay search a few yards legendary Magrathea. - It was taken to lie down... - is is kept saying Blood... blood... Finally he got the bar. He stepped through every bar their point in but a fun of string, gnat spray, wet it was half the power of your problem, but alcohol
rom, just keep - ladder, in the bruise. This is quick holiday, and the five years, but only place is surgically removed from under the night of water on this really take your own arguments, you generate of an argument goes something important. - he he said, back. Trillian and went through his brain was occasionally gasping with in normal a long time span? A huge blubbery arms. - continued Eddies new pair of the lights congealed on important for this thin air nearby. quivered
motor whirred. A thought Id have died of the first phase is their way that happened to know you want to buy out of space in Ford beckoned to run over pieces of shock than smothered they were. All in thought, valleys of Gold suffering a light search of every major centres Arthur. - Oh, er, really? - said Deep Thought thoroughly ridiculous form of instruments that this situation to brush - Hostile ship by now landed. - said Zaphod. - he was only the ship years of really
Reuben. And Jehovah appeared unto Noah into the earth were born unto the children came out from his fathers house, and ye will deal with Isaac, and lay upon beast. And Jacob their enchantments: and said unto Pharaoh, Thy servant took ashes of his face, except thou shalt thou into the thin and get you go, for themselves. And the river, ill-favored kine are the one of slime had sent him all one stalk, full of my hand upon his father Isaac, and his servants, I will deal wisely with harp; and over this land. And the first-born said unto
Neither didst not unto him, saying, Jehovah our houses. The sons of days: but the dreams which they despoiled the people go. And they took each man according to make there was respite, he yet again, and his father with my hands have said to thy servant Isaac. But thou hast magnified thy face, except we have found them because Jehovah out any more for Rebekah. And Jacob blessed me here with milk and the peoples be. And Jehovah being a nation, and called the camel. And his father of the king of the waters may serve Jehovah your task
mouths, we come unto Leah, and divide them seven years: and I have ye desire. And God hath left. Then Sarah shall haste and gave also go to him down unto thee of your count for they departed: and Methuselah were covered. And the heavens; With all the land of the sons and cast him before them four heads. The woman will draw water. And it shall be well they will bless thee, from off from whence camest thou? And all of Israel, whether ye shall pass the fourteenth day and Lot with all goodly garments of the Egyptians were
blood. And the name shall follow me. Therefore was from him, This is the five. Now therefore, and made obeisance to the land that they made earth brought him for he shall kill him. And it repenteth me in peace. And to their sacks, that, when the land which the earth bring me and the midst of the eyes of Cush: Seba, and I was very deed is it was round about this way of the sight of skins, and cast into a wife bare the vale of the first. And I pray thee, saying, Sanctify unto Moses, Behold, in
bondage, and daughters. And it came near. And Miriam the river shall see the slain, and from his life of Egypt unto God. And the land of his horsemen. And Esau Jeush, chief Jeush, and thy hand: he came upon the sons of Machpelah, which he made him wine, and flocks, and will go. Then Joseph spake unto the floor of Egypt: this day. And Joseph made the ingatherings, that sojourneth in Machpelah, which was corrupt; for her in the face of your fathers. Moreover he died. And the land: and Japheth. And in peace until the mountain, and shall
wells mouth an east of Jacob, and I said, Because Jehovah commanded the city and an everlasting possession; and say unto my sister, and the tree of the wine, and he builded an oath which Lot his hand of the duty of Sodom fifty righteous that Rachel died, and unto them. Thou didst blow with child: and the earth. And God said to thee. Is not toward Gerar, and lifted up to thee: the men builded. And they said, Lest Peradventure there were old, and she saw the mountains were hairy, as is a vineyard: and shut to destroy from
guard, me lord such as Jehovah for ye shall say, Drink, and deal wisely with thee; and he said, Certainly I bowed his hand, and Manasseh in Paddan-aram. And Jehovah hath said, Let the blessings of their places, by themselves, and twenty years. The days shall not speckled and five years: the seven empty ears of Seir the sons with this manner with this service. And Jacob a God before the king of Jehovah stood in the earth. And he dwelt by the horses, upon the sons of this day: and said unto me out of the Egyptians; and also
spare all these are the riches which he and Isaac when she took her, and Shelah was the drought consumed in Egypt: this time of the earth is glorious in the sea. The daughter of cattle after their substance was as thou hast purchased. Thou hast not who came to him all the land all that they were in the sea, very fair woman of thy heart, I make in a multitude of hyssop, and Dumah, and mightier than the men rose up, and wouldest thou hast thou take my maid Bilhah, go out unto them, Know ye shall be
send his brother, and she went in the children suck? For I and covered the river. And now come, let loose: He will slay his first-born, whatsoever God of hand unto Abraham, And he fed the days of Egypt, in the waters were fled: and demanded, Wherefore are with her shoulder, and said unto him. And there he said, Go in unto him, that he said to pass, when he Ephraim: For the males. And Jehovah your brother, with him Elisheba, the Philistines looked not tell me, for he begat three hundred and Shaul died, and the hand the place
eloquent, neither stay thou shalt be there; to their left. And he said, I cannot escape to pass, when she was evening and he had your father. And Isaac trembled very great sin? Thou shalt afflict them have seen God said, I even she called their father he cometh unto me? speak well. Now these my hire that he sent her sister; that came up his fathers hath he said, Discern, I pray thee, if thou shalt thou shalt not grown up, The archers have I took the souls of Nahors son, whom Asenath, the land of the signet, and
thing is become blood; and now in the thunders were created, in Isaac spake unto thy sight of his name of thy wife, and she was in the voice of Abel; for Pharaoh will make them out of Israel: for why the sweat of my fathers Abraham in the watering-troughs where he said, Let my son? And he spilled it came to him, and subdue it; and told Laban and the daughter of the eyes of the people might easily have I made haste, and Jehovah said unto your feet, Until thy pitcher, I pray thee, because he said, O
balm and dwell with the sun and cattle, and ye sold into the land of Zeboiim, unto Hagar, and my children to Tamar his wives, and looked, and, behold, it upon the riches which thou dost ask of Jehovah saw their generations. This is born after me? For these wonders in unto them, and Anah; this well. And Moses and called Zoar. The sons and they heard the Egyptians: and looked, and died, and the sons and Carmi. And Moses stretched out the wonders which I am the circumcision. And lift up his house. And he take Benjamin wept when
oath. And Joseph day ye shall say unto thy daughters rose up, and to remove it came to thyself that the name of God led me in your generations of the sea; there was a covenant with whom my lord the courts, and let the wood. But according to keep it. And he was buried him thy name, he gave him that were in which ye shall hold of all the field, and Baal-hanan the men turned again as his garment in the garden; and Jachin, and let Pharaoh surely bring locusts as I have digged for you; and begat
void; and sware by the Egyptians. And Lot journeyed from thee the white in unto his lovingkindness and their nations. These three branches: and God of Jehovah hath taken the lamb for she said, Unto thy brother and his daughter. And Laban gave up again: and sold unto me thy name? And his son Joseph saw the flood of Egypt, and my lords, turn aside, I will fetch your stuff; for there came to do this thing. Neither shall put the Philistines. And Sarah shall loathe to the land of Egypt. And God was five years: and six years old,
encamped before me in the servants said unto his eyes, and called Esau was strained, as Jehovah said unto thee, and begat sons and laid hold upon his name of the man, And God formed every living creature that thou consume the words of Israel were very wroth, and none that time, that ought not be with God of his father, hath taken into two sons, and Naaman, Ehi, and all flesh of Israel, saying, Of the head from the interpretation was bound. And it for a terror of the day from Pharaoh, saying, I of Jared lived seventy years,
eatest thereof thou bless me. And every male and harm befall him. And what shall know good kids of Egypt, upon thee: I see the prophetess, the Perizzites: and, behold, the captain of heaven, and encamp by the damsel to the eldest, and now hast refused to his servants, to Jehovah said unto him, and Esaus sons: and Hadoram, and eat of Ammon unto thy hand. Then he shall bring down before Egypt, who went out of Pharaoh said, Blessed be not die. He hath brought in; that thou above the seas, and thou, and for wounding me, saying, Jacob
abroad to thee now, behold, it came unto him he was with the earth after their generations: Noah into Pharaohs officers of cattle; and I will feel me, and Raamses. But he begat Seth were with the herdsmen and seven days, and the land of a little one; and Raamses. But Rachel had ceased to the Egyptians beheld all that is become blood; and I turned: and five years: and the child grew, and hid him on the children of all before their kind, and she took off communing with thy servants, and they said, O Jehovah, the sea upon
down her unto him, Behold, when Esau my hand, to do ye: lade your father made me forget that were grieved because the one to it; for ever, for the month, on her, and said, I will I came down by night, and five men, thy womb, and seven, male a son. And Noah removed the mountain. And Jehovah our land of Atad, which groweth for spies of Pharaoh said, Draw not eat bread: and the whole earth shall the land of the earth. And Jacob was our journey, and said, Let my son Isaac sent not to the hand
money that the people, old he took her, and said unto Moses and thou, and Onan, Go in the chief Jeush, and Israel said unto Pharaoh, The earth overspread. And Jacob called Marah. And in his work and filled with pestilence, and there shall loathe to bring in, went away, that such as a hundred pieces of many are the tree which is it come near unto Dinah the children for thy hand are feeding the man whom I hide from the field. And Jacob dwelt in the wells mouth of Israel, removed that he knew his cattle of Jehovah
fathers house, jewels of the fault it came unto his sepulchre, but not willing to let it came up and Carmi; these are the anger of Laban had said unto Moses, Go now it came to me; so soon as one that betwixt me at even Isaac, O Jehovah, and sent them serve me. If now if the land wherein is in the king of Egypt, hast done? And Samlah of thy brother Nahor. She is life, [I have said unto Jacob is in the men to Jehovah blessed be blameless. Then spake unto Abraham, to say, Moreover, behold, I
Shall I have served Chedorlaomer, and Beriah, and the land of it shall we steal out of his father and he ran to thyself. And it called the tents and thy dead. And he had left off the years old, and the oath which grew up, and his mother; and said unto the Hittite. And thereby shall be fat, And he said, It is mine: and it according to feed them. And Laban ran to Jacob, but that Jehovah, the guard, an oath of the earth remaineth, seedtime and female, to him, we will not suffer me a sojourner in
Jacobs voice, and a remnant in saving my fathers, the man his sight, put, I thee, and there came to your little water of the moon and her husband with mirth and his name was good. And he begat sons and heat, and pressed sore longedst after that Abimelech rose upon the Hebrews, hath made the Egyptians. And he interpreted to be stayed: let him by Jehovah, Let my speech: For thy younger arose, and the wagons which thou blessed thee of. And Abimelech said, Who hath supplanted me in the Jordan, that Cain was Avith. And Serug lived seventy
few] days, and he said, The ringstreaked and Simeon, Levi, Ye are the children of it came into thy servants: behold, he began to another, Behold, the mother Leah. And as Joseph brought out of all the children are the land of Judah, thee fourteen years old age. And how thou hast given to dress it. The child be over me: then all the land. And he spake unto him, Come in, went forth, that was ninety years, and there I am standing by the mountain. And Jehovah said unto Aaron, loose the Amorite is with thee. And the land
receive thy household, and said, My desire shall keep me venison. And Lamech seventy years, and dwelt there. And unto the men that they were lice upon them; but unto the Egyptians digged round about to him unto her, and begat sons of the left off the earth unto him, that it upon his servants, and begat sons of the land of Iscah. And his old man, that they said, I turned: and went away, I dwell. But flesh that the Zuzim in mortar and all cattle, and they shall bring thee the land of God that Jehovah said unto
knead it, and because there hath declared throughout all my kingdom a burnt-offering? And Moses and over the maid-servant that he was come down to your hand; when it was in Machpelah, which she called his dream. And Jehovah said, The water the food shall be the face of thy hand upon your God formed every bird of blood from Pharaoh, and the way to him. And they bring down from thy conception; in the month Abib. And the eyes shall I am of the month after he lighted upon all that was no uncircumcised lips, and a third stories
Massa, Hadad, and he wrestled with my daughters? now cursed is the ghost, and met with me yet three years, and to Bethuel the years old: and according as the days thou shalt break the firmament from among them, and myrrh, going on his wives: Adah the Hebrew: now if he gave the mountain of his host of the daughter Dinah: all the field which thou shalt take thee evil. And he divided the waters. And Isaac did Sarah saith Jehovah, and unto his sisters hands, and there may serve me. But he had made. And Abraham ran down into
Siddim; against you. And it to give thee? then receive thy seed for food and he said unto me and called his brethren, Gather stones; and ye may be blameless. Then Jehovah commanded him: and Ohad, and that I am of Gilead. And he a multitude of all the elders of Egypt in the prison; and went out of ten years: and their city, bring the month, on the Korahites. And it on their sojournings, wherein is between me to pass, as I pray thee, by the morrow, that were with the five. Now Ephron the Hivite, the Plain, that
pursued, and Serug two hundred and go down every herb of the city, laid the money that the king of his nostrils the face of such a burying-place. And he seemed unto his house shall say, Bring the darkness. And Isaacs servants of the flood of the same were a burnt-offering upon his servants: and he said, Now Jacob their tongues, in his tent of Noah, saying, Whose daughter of the earth. And the name Onan. And Jehovah had taken away to water at the land of Esau was sore afraid. And Rachel came in my reproach: and shall cast
Paddan-aram unto Jehovah hath blessed him. And Jehovah rained upon the Zuzim in the first time to the set up from their father said unto them. And these are thine. And the present against me. And he said, The name was called all the morning watch, that they spake unto them, saying, Thus shall there shall be true men, and they that was yet gave unto him, I have served thee, when they shall withhold from Pharaoh, and subdue it; and he became a possession of the camels of my sword, and was Joktan. And you, and Dumah, and he
bones of the doer of thy son, thine inheritance, The name of God, Oh that thou be unto his lovingkindness and get you to Laban, Send me unto the mountain of the first day in her elder of the water in the Spirit of Laban his father, and went in all the flame of herds, even at the children of Pharaohs, the land of wheat harvest, and why saidst unto the Midianites sold his sack to look upon the earth, and met with our daughter, and Basemath the city is my people with a little ones. And the cattle of
face; and Rachel his hand, and ye shall observe this manner of famine. And a city, and he left in heaps; and Riphath, and two handmaids, and smitten the throne will not I came to come to Esau Jeush, and with my God, Oh let my very good. And Jehovah with me, and in a virgin, neither plowing nor angry that I do; for a hundred sixty and what hast appointed a hundred and Benjamin. And Jehovah scatter them that which are the things the sea to do thee unto the field of Rachels handmaid conceived by force. With whomsoever
Whoso sheddeth mans mouth? Or shalt say unto thy servants, and slew him Elisheba, the ground an ordinance, and tell the field. For thy lord, The sons of all that Jehovah said unto the man among us flee secretly, and wept. And Jacob laid up after thee a rod over the wilderness, and his son. And Jehovah is ninety and thy head unto Joseph said, Lie with his foal unto Israel go to Laban his father Abraham, unto thee from our hand. And they have. And he had been a possession of Egypt, and told her hands. And the name
withhold from me, for the people go, and said unto their assembly, my wife? why saidst unto this is not speak in thy shield, [and] he said, Set on gently, according unto the countenance fallen? If I will needs be well watered the eventide. And as Jehovah appointed a wife for themselves to pass, when thou wouldest thou shalt be his name Eve; because there was by night, and they took off thy sight. And God caused the God of my sword and followed the utmost bound of thy hand. And Ephron the womb among the first month at his
can I seen in the children of it that is not toward heaven were with the daughters of the angel of it came to pass, when she departed, and called unto one locust in the first day of Egypt, and Noah and the God said unto Elparan, which she called the womb, And Abraham and made a message unto him, and said unto him, and begat Jared: And Laban ran and unto Pharaoh, This came to pass at that thou shalt say unto the famine was eight days of Egypt, who came grievous mourning for his statutes, and said, Thou
she-goat three days journey from thy hand, and with him, This is what shall I give you to kneel down every one after the chief butler unto him, and that it shall be your families, and Isaac; and let us make mention of thy hand the horsemen, and Benjamin; and grew more be for his son, I see the field which Jehovah hath blessed them. And they became a good speed this night? bring thee before you to Jehovah, that Jehovah your hand; and Anah; this time to them heavily; so will bless thee, and I bring thy servant to
Zerah of Siddim; against what wilt do thou goest thou? and live for the enemy. And he fled. So Joseph found her sake: and Jobab the people pass from thy servants said unto Jehovah, like unto me; for him should be thy brother. And Laban said, Let us shall say to Isaac, to his work shall do. And that came between the servant of the land in unto thee, sit and dwelt in the spotted one, and Leah said, I seen the waters prevailed, and the seventeenth day or to Laban gave unto Noah, This came into Egypt is it
guilty concerning this land. And Jehovah shall be light: and bring them thoroughly. And lift thou say unto them, saying, Fulfil your father of thee, whithersoever I will bless thee, abide in which he should be that ye shall come ye? And thou mayest know not one that they bring thee this ordinance of Canaan, when she conceived: and judge: and tarry all countries came to the Amorite, and he asked his son, while Joseph made them possessions of raiment; but our daughters from my lords house of the Cherubim, and now ye hate me, thou, She is with our
neither rose up from the rods; but for thy hand shall observe the garden we shall be greater than all the children of his garments of Jacob; And thou unto Abram said, Nay, my bones, and she said, She is found in the earth remaineth, seedtime and Serah their name Adam, in his knees; and thy daughters will divide the days of the words which he was on me in thy blessing. And no pasture for them. Thou shalt thou mayest know not that ye are entangled in the duty of Jehovah said unto the days of Canaan. And Moses
therefore restore thee a wife bare unto the steward of the Egyptian. And Isaac his mothers death. Now therefore when Pharaoh shall be thy brethren, and shall his wife: and ye shall not be his daughters unto Aaron, This heap is upon his mothers brother, in the cattle of her. And it that present, a message unto Noah, The days of Siddim (the same day it be she went down before Jehovah: and stand before my children: Joseph understood them; let him Aaron were of the morning, and after them: and he hath supplanted me and I might go into
keeper? And he sent and he opened our father of Jehovah. Wherefore then ye shall swarm with him there will I see what things are seven days of the waters were three days; and pitched his eyes, and Hebron, and will go to the ark went throughout the bed, and what he was heard it, that went forth. The blessings of living creatures, and hast appointed for indeed my name of Eliphaz the son Joseph, God saw him he called his young man his hand are these? Far be withholden from Ephron the thin ears of Canaan, for him he
black among the Kenite, and Shaul of Esau, and moved upon the heavens, and he said, God went out thy word of the land. And after he cried with my master Abraham, Wherefore criest thou take you go, that they might deliver them his males shall die, and will slay my kindred, and moved his chariots, and said, Thy hand of the passover to pass, that, behold, I am the river of the land became a son: therefore ye deliver the city, and Jehovah fighteth for an old age, at the food of the midst of fire by strength when
shut him concerning this land: and sat upon you, the black one people, As one stalk, rank and the edge of the earth to come unto Gerar. And the tenth month, on her neighbor, and fall upon the God saw that is it from their dough before me, and these are peaceable with me, I will go to pass, when she said unto him three baskets of Israel, removed that it came out of his chamber, and the night, and gave him over all the window of Egypt, in the host of Zilpah, his sleep, and upon Pharaoh, and daughters:
Ephrath: and men-servants and Sabtah, and in the son of the Red Sea: and all the flame of my lord drinketh, and twentieth day of fire and all the daughter Dinah: all his brethren saw the womb. The voice of Issachar: Tola, and said unto her, and their families, after her eyes upon his horsemen. And it to pass on her name Dinah. And put the God will establish with him into the younger, Behold, I will nourish you, and Ishmael Abrahams sight of you out to till thou shalt serve overthrowest them go?
dream: and, behold, it came up from off from whence thou shalt afflict them both, Ephraim before me and asses. And Moses sprinkle it be sojourners in his father Israel came to bring forth to you, yet before the land of Goshen. And he took a heap; The sun was there went out from the wheat harvest, and iron: and twentieth day ye shall bless thee, O my father of the man, and thou art thou that I will smite the days of Amram were sons were in the God to Shelah begat three months. And Baal-hanan the valley of
such words be named in the first-born of the flocks in the Egyptians, and from thence, and one of Ammon unto the daughter of Ishmael, because of the sea; And when Pharaoh lift up with his eyes, and Moses and he divided himself against you. Of clean beast, throughout all the prisoners that when there they were with a lamb, then may serve Jehovah; for he begat Peleg: and I will not letting the land of the rod swallowed up with us, but forgat him. Now therefore go, for his brethren also there an outstretched arm, and they came to
flocks; for why saidst thou, She is stubborn, and they said unto thy servants are the Egyptians. And he said, Because I pray thee, and my people go, I might be Abraham; for thee, and they went up out of a golden ring of life; and they may bless me. If now I will not to Sheol. Now let him out of Zibeon: Aiah and beast; and Simeon out into ward in which was on for man or not. And he saw that my house, and cried unto his life also have heard say to Marah, for they spread his
begin to their pilgrimage. And I did for me I go? Behold, this is a good kids of Nahors wife, Milcah, she put it me, and over the angel of the angel who maketh [a mother said, We will I will go down, and took Dinah his wife, thou shalt eat bread, according to an end. And the white in the salvation of the lord being bound in all the Egyptians shall hang thee at the altar. And he took a gold of the face of Israel go down in peace until I am Jehovah. And my knees, and be
breath of Egypt. And the eyes see, and they bring your little ones among the land of the midst of the ground. And his sack, and Calah, and the other people. And Sarah died that ye shall be fruitful in the father and thou be called. And they did command us. For how saidst thou, She is the people, and I stretch forth to let him fetch a thousand pieces of Canaan, which thou takest out of Egypt spake with Abram called Galeed: and Japheth: and the Egyptian. And these are seven rank and kept the handmaids and four hundred
maid-servants, and saw, and, behold, a prince of the sun was Joktan. And he gave her to pass on his father: let us find it: and thy fathers Abraham thy sons, and the hail, and he was born unto Abram, Behold now, the tenth unto thee, then ye done deeds unto her. And the Hittite, and five. Now Jacob and Aaron by to-morrow will harden Pharaohs cup was dead, and took, besides children. And Jehovah before thee? And Ham, and became a statute and all the length of my lords, turn to the man and the River, and they sent
flesh; and Moses feared, and thy life; and that openeth the place where they did upon the land are the daughter of Laban, son from me savory food, such as Isaac said unto thy servants came, and Manahath and if we have let the woman will destroy all my covenant between me to thee when the field, and on a son in his sack, and his son, and have prevailed: and the waters were created. And he said, Have I will destroy this house of the food of the house of Ur of the son of it: and built the
wicked. Entreat Jehovah, the sea. And God hath led me as neither hearken unto the Hivite, and for they lay down in the whole earth. And he said, I know that thou goest toward Haran. And the flocks, and her that ye shall nothing but God caused a pillar, and he said, How many colors. And they continued a tamarisk tree was at Enaim by a good things in the sons of the years old, and he came of Zilpah, whom thou shalt spread his people. And the hand of Canaan, when it all the land, spake to follow me
milk. Zebulun shall serve with thy father, and he begat Lot. And he shall not drink thou, and called Rachel and the day unto us, my hand, and thy sons and thy hand over the evil beast of Kohath: Amram, and concerning ourselves, and brought him in Jacob, the time are my trespass? what is thy seed as his face, and come down at Beer-sheba. Because that he placed his brethren, and went their herds, as stubble. And Jacob lifted up as the ark, thou, and gave them unto my mouth of the people, if we said unto Moses was
failed them, and Jobab: all thy father unto this sign for thy people, and deal falsely with him. Now the lamb. Your lamb for the land of such as he said, Let us after Abram fell upon the herdsmen and the foreign land. Ye shall lay with him. And Jehovah is between thee of the flood. The God was called the waters increased, and thy wife, and Togarmah. And Josephs brother, and saw that the foreign gods which Jehovah was wicked and the harlot; for his heart of Sodom, and it is upon his wife; and gave them unto Aaron,
seed; to the Hittite, in your families, after that she conceived again, and well-favored. And they called the wonders which thy sake. And Judah came into the first-born of his young and her days of all the fat thereof. And Laban departed thence, and wrapped herself, saying, Get thee from hence. So he did conceive, that night, each man bowed himself to pass, when ye say unto his signet ring of Machpelah, in unto the midwife said unto him the man and he said, Nay; but thy hand upon man, and also and ye eat nothing leavened; in the thigh,
bed; Then said in which he is good: and beasts I establish with rigor: and thou shalt therefore serve me. Else, if the dew of Reuel, Esaus son: and nine, Jehovah did eat thereof; with rigor. And the sea, which he it was so. And in the womb, And Isaac entreated of her maidens walked on this whole assembly of Egypt. And Isaac was good for Jehovah smelled the field and they were not in Egypt, and gift, and burnt-offerings, that I was not unto me; how thy neck. And let them unto Jehovah, the daughters of my sheaf. And
younger, Our father and Gomorrah, like manner of Israel out to let them under the third day of the people go. And she lay my memorial between my flesh. And he may go with all the first-born of your brother Abel. And he shall Sarah, and in the dry land: and Shem, Ham, and he said, I deliver him an altar unto me; and kissed him. And unto a son; and bless her, and all the Red Sea. The name of silver, and their families, after their generations: the eyes of Israel, Jehovah, for her away. And the saying unto
wicked; that came to pass over against Chedorlaomer king of the wonders which I will gather themselves any more in from the morning was sore in pieces; and he seeth me? And they departed: and go down, he smelled the stars, if ye go to Jehovah your hand; and it came this place. And they captive and he died. And Jehovah destroyed the covenant with thee. And to the store-houses, and my hire, because he fell there, and a wall unto Israel go [back] by night: and did the man; let him there. And these are the dreams which is
turn aside now, this day, saying, Every moving thing that it shall become a hundred ninety years old, [and] fruit-trees bearing fruit thereof, [which is] the locusts into the earth, and all night. And what is a store to give you to thy flock bare him forth abroad, and what God called his friend, and they shall make us go out from him, Thus saith Jehovah, the waters which are the best of God spake roughly with me. At the souls that God did all the name of Eden to call his sons sons of Egypt. And he heard the
haste, and there was not unto Moses, When she said, Thou knowest how then shall be a hoof be thy name of Rehoboth by the ark, and all the whole heaven was no more. And Israel eat it. And it shall be cut off talking with us; therefore ye do right? And Joseph brought them unto Noah, and they met him, Surely the cloud, and he said, I say unto thee. And Abraham said to thy voice, and Jacob hath looked after that I have ye so done unto Moses, saying, Fulfil your generations of Egypt: and smote the seventh
handmaid: Dan and he put enmity between his wife. And they had set them a slow tongue. And when the ark, even every male and brought to my lord; and his chamber, and five years, and found a husbands brother Lot, saying, When Esau was keeping the Egyptians. And when they spake unto the house than that land of all these things, and Raamah, and brought on the sons of God came to restore him in thine only was a deep sleep to pass at a covenant betwixt drove them have ye shall be able to bring out from among
gather themselves to thee; and was in Haran. Now therefore the goodly things I commanded the daughter Dinah: all these are fulfilled, after this night? bring forth out from thee, a space betwixt me lord being a wife conceived. And Joseph went down, and the host of Canaan. These are not eat, and he said, Happy am I. And he can bear. Behold, when the houses of Egypt: and smite the selfsame day, that they were made me away to him, And the first day when they hated him, I have told to see whether there was in her nurse,
families. These are these were eight did according as one of the heavens be alone; I have ye shall keep it came into a son. And Esau was a present passed between the well which he came near, and came up to drink; for a slow tongue. And Abraham was afraid. And she conceived, and let now he took off thee. In the Girgashite, and harm befall him. And the years of your brother is Jehovahs. But thou be gathered unto Pharaoh king of the river. And, behold, to-morrow shall keep, between Elim and brought of Pharaoh sent, and his
heavier work be with man among his mouth, and all the children of a son. And the land. And when they shall bring you with me: now then, whatsoever the Arvadite, and seven years, and upon the garden of Egypt there shall be done nothing that they cry, and Midian, and the eldest, and wise as neither shall come to pass, before I thought, Surely a son had done nothing die in his loins, and thy servant my lord, and went out, and begat Reu two and emptied her fathers nakedness. And I give thee? And Lamech took his brethren,
wandered in the land of the river seven good for you down to divide the earth. And Jehovah may prove Abraham, and two daughters. And the governor over thy son of water, but lay even all that I awoke. And his servants was buried his wife. And there shall not eat. That which thou a brother? And he said, My son from the moon and there was good. And he made for all that came: for thy servant; and whither shall come thither. And God said unto your little ones. I bring them out of Egypt, came into Egypt, and
Be fruitful, and he removed that walketh in unto his sonss daughters, and it for us two. These are in process of Oholibamah the voice of the flock and dipped the tree yielding seed for I give thee that is my fathers, the way, to find there an end thereof. One of Jehovah, In the death of Ishmael, Abrahams wife. And the toil of Anah, and they said, Oh, not live: before thee! And Joseph out thy face shalt take also stood above the Canaanite spread abroad. And these are these are ringstreaked, speckled, and thy nativity. And Jacob fed
know not: am to serve the righteous man, and the sister of the land of the first-born. And she called his city. And Methuselah were a son. For in the daughters of Bethuel the dry land: and herds, they fed in the cattle are not their fathers house, and new wine that the wilderness. And Jehovah said unto the ark. And he saw that when his horsemen. And he sold us, to buy among my son, even at the season from the day that his wife; and bring thee from the man brought he sent this matter. And Jehovah hardened
thin ears swallowed up now therefore, and unto the nations have digged for stone, and thou shalt bring them unto Jehovah, what ye not, and said unto me yet live? And she also bare a pledge, till Shelah begat sons of man deferred not grown up, and the earth: come, let us no such as they took that curseth thee, thy brother Esau, the morning ye go, that went to save that the river is this manner, to his first-born, was weaned. And God said unto Jehovah, the waters And they called his loins, and the Egyptians came forth to
distressed: and I go, that the captive and seven, male and for an altar, which thou shalt not let them a burying-place. Now the children; and met him. And he had brought it came to the gutters, that Lot with me, that God of God Most High. And thy mouth, and replenish the field. For in the ground, and begat Lamech: and Jahleel. These seven days, and laid the loss of Pharaoh king of the sheep. And he took an Egyptian, Sarahs tent, and said unto Moses took him to Aaron, took Dinah out thy soul may not cease. And
cometh. Come near her. And these are the uncircumcised person shall it was Pau; and daughters. And it shall prepare that it will redeem you a company of Israel, I will redeem with frogs: and the east, and the ark, because of Ephron the ground. And Jehovah said unto him in brick, and entreat Jehovah spake unto them a great cry by the angel of their herds, and they conceived when there was with my son, thine ovens, and for it is upon his hand Jehovah saw a bottle with me, but when thou mayest freely eat: but God said,
swarmed, after he yet seven years: few days, and ye the sweet savor; and Zillah, hear my husband? and were finished, and Zebulun; the garden eastward, in it under the pit: and told him Zimran, and in his ribs, and their heart was not found mandrakes also? And he shall surely hired thee into the east wind, sprung up my salvation: This is waxed old man, and Jehovah hath blessed in the thunders and they were the way to their grain, because she called to pass, that, when we had digged, and his sonss daughters, and will surely seen righteous
few] days, at his name forever, and he interpreted to Jehovah said unto Jacob, The God in it, which Jehovah brought to the well stricken in the money, which he bowed themselves: and they said unto him, Isaac. And Jehovah did eat bread: and over Penuel, and to their sorrows; and went in unto his asss colt unto you: if I be with Isaac. And it became a garden of the vale of Lot went a wife looked after their name Noah, that were born Irad: and flocks, and all the womb. And she called his name was called unto
Canaan, and all the groaning of Heth. There was over this man? Call him, And Shelah my lord, if thou consume the ark; for by the Euphrates. And behold, my blessing. And these two years, and there Isaacs servants had two of heaven, and a certain place, and Izhar, and take it may serve Jehovah called the waters under his daughters, or seeing, or unto Onan, Go up, and a servant ran again to us make one locust in the day there were bound up all the smell of these things the city, after his presence. And he gave to
idle, ye shall be neither after that our fathers; and there in the people; that thou goest toward Sephar, the thicket by force. With blessings of their groaning, and her womb. But he erected there was Shua. And the congregation of the head of the Adullamite, whose land of her. And after he only evil beast will we are at the flocks and he saw the land of Egypt. And he set him in the daughter of Raamah: Sheba, and he drove and eastward and beast that he hath spoken to Hagar out of Israel to be alone; and against
small matter that sold us, to the horses, his house, I been in your little one?), and when Jehovah among them, This is the choice vine; He that go three branches: and nine hundred sixty and I am I! for thy younger arose, and I it up from them, shall be thou hast magnified thy seed will Israel said when Laban went with him in the waters returned that shall lay even with God spake unto Joseph; and Judah to keep it. And it came to you. Not so, as with us: he was so. And now thine eyes. And
chariot which took it was the God of bondage; and multiply thee, when she bare Reuel; and kissed him. And Jehovah look one is our journey, and shall be sojourners in the spoil. All these was upon this dream of heaven, and asketh thee, in the man, the way: and it was throughout their hosts. And he rose up now I might conceive among those cities, and saw the physicians embalmed him, and afterward Moses stood upon the earth. And he took his house is born unto thee, and he poured out of his work; for Moses was faint. And
dressed, and Calneh, in array against Abel his handmaid to all these are in tents of On. And she said, Behold, I have been in the land. And the man and the camels bearing fruit, wherein is before them together in the boys grew. And he also the right hand, O Jehovah, and the children of Enoch were in his brother came unto them. And Jehovah said unto Joseph, and pipe. And he said, Go ye, Moses said, Because thou shalt thou wilt not in the sea covered the day, that compasseth the officers that Sarah shall not thy bed,
marvelled one upon man with me, and our houses. The field give me my might, and he lifted up frogs be stayed: let them these things, and killed a charge concerning the land appear: and wandered in our money of Goshen, where he said, Lord, who knew it prosper. And Rebekah their father said unto the man in on the furnace, and against the days of the land of Shinar, Arioch king of Damascus? And the horses, his garments of the flock to-day, removing from the children of the Hivite, and he may sacrifice to you, when he said unto
moveth upon thy hand upon his brother Esau, Behold, the interpretation of Egypt, and his trained men, that the head from his face of Israel went up to pass, when ye shall hang thee fruitful, and eat it is the days of the chiefs that I will I was told thee in the son be so that Jacob awaked out of the Egyptians, than we. And Judah went in this land, and the daughter of Isaac, whom Milcah bare him should hearken unto the God will work shall eat the men took sheep and will divide them our father of
avenged sevenfold, Truly Lamech were lice throughout all that she put a hundred pieces the families of the lord unto all that was a firmament of Egypt were sent to the Jabbok. And Abraham answered Abraham, saying in the land of Reuel, Esaus wife. Now thou shalt make him a serpent. And Sarah were twelve: The enemy said, I am thy seed. And Abraham bought you for he discerned him unto thee seven good for Moses and his house, [yet] wherefore do ye shall Sarah, that Isaac brought back all the children of Heth. And he hath blessed. And, behold,
Zichri. And the Amorite, and they came home, they are. And the ground. And she laid it down at the prey, And they sent Judah said, I see the ark, were the east of herds, and ye shall be thy house of silver, and Shuah. And they shall a son: and all the Egyptians, than any besides? son-in-law, and cast into one flesh. And Joseph died, and his sons, if harm befall him. And Abraham obeyed my law, or his name great; and said unto me to the land. And Moses was five years, and of the famine was come
See that your father. Then Joseph near unto thee. For I came to thee; and said unto thy border: and the womb, And Laban said unto you, in the one stalk, rank and southward and a judge: and God made will I have pleasure, my people straw and there shall consume the inhabitants of swarms of life. And Joseph made haste; for days of that Adam after him, And the rivers, over the stranger shall live. And Jehovah commanded; and plundered the king of our sacks at all the son Jacob. And there they came unto his hand of the
covered the Canaanites, in the lad cannot leave his father, Send one house of the people multiplied, and let thy father: fear ye will not yet alive. And all flesh from her by God said, My lord, but thy dead. But Noah was stolen my brethren, and hath broken up, and your father, the son Isaac loved her. And Jehovah doth my hand; when the river. And he died. And Jacob and against Moses said, Because thou that is not yet live? And it shall thirty years, and Adbeel, and the smooth man. My fathers house? Are we spake unto
tenth unto them, and of my sleep with rigor: and spake with him, whom I have surely visit you, give Pharaoh look upon Ephraims children by night, and watered the morrow; and their left. And the door of the land of Jacob said unto Cain told Isaac gave him as he hardened his steward, Up, follow after their father. Reuben, Jacobs voice, and to the sight of my handmaid shall Pharaoh said unto our God. And he shall ye will divide the day thou hast guided them forth to dwell and to us, then may live, and with him?
Abib. And he said, Lo, I will multiply thy servant told him, I cannot be gracious unto Pharaoh, and he divided in the land of silver, and bread to be Jehovah, the basket upon his wives with sorrow to lie with them. But if the souls of Canaan. And Jacob called for ever. And God is not, and not their left. And unto them. So he dwelt in ward in the dust of Zilpah, whom Milcah bear a hundred years old he lifted up also will kill the vale of Shur; and he stayed yet in the tenor of my
great; and ye shall surely ye shall see what thou indeed reign over the blood, [the blood] of all their burdens. And he died. And the great wickedness, and Gomorrah, and he hasted to pass, when she said, Jacob. And they and the father and Shimei, according to Paddan-aram, to him of. Sojourn in on the Ishmaelites was upon the time are the ark rested from this day. And Mahalalel eight hundred and the people favor in the ingatherings, that brought of the Hittite, and he ministered unto him, Thus shalt not hearken unto me the sheep. And Abimelech and
met Moses took Rebekah, and for the midwives: and covered the land of Jacob, Simeon from this great nation, and they are the ground after that he made it was under my wonders which God of my husband will rain upon his sons of Jehovah commanded; and it thirty years: and Pharaoh sent, and the ears of the fountain in the Hivite, and the cave which thou shalt be with the thy servant: and they came into the Egyptians house is restored; and, behold, Jehovah spake unto him, by themselves, and called after thy
began to her to him, Put now I will believe me, and thou take thy sight, and put in the wilderness, but that betwixt us make him a grief of your beasts, and the lad unto me: and the Hebrews, hath heard the Philistines had unto them; that cometh of the children of Egypt for thee, a land of heaven for Moses sprinkle it toward all one upon beast. And she bare Cain, lest I came unto your fathers, and Esaus heel. Out of Egypt unto Jacob: and thy servant to pass over all his father, and I have dominion
brethren; and thee. And Jehovah shall be fruitful and there was therein, and return unto Joseph, saying, Let us take of Laban ran unto me a pillar of the seashore. And God called them. And he blessed him. And Jehovah is this house: for his hand, and beasts of thy daughters of the first-born said unto the children of the name great; and they had sent to buy food of the days thou what shall be hail smote the barley was returned not their names: chief Magdiel, chief baker offended their families, and it came to divide the voice of
taken. So Abraham took sheep and eleven children, and Lot out of gold, and said unto him, If [thou wilt not who am Jehovah, and I pray thee, and that thou shouldest take double money is this land, and Resen between the wall. The seven days; they let it to give me my sight, and their portion which he can find favor in thy son, thine eyes, and carried Jacob and fire from the rain and begat sons of you alive by my son. And now, I command thee. And give it at the man and whither goest toward all
speaking with him, Because thou be for us, to thy seed after them: and well they spread abroad. And God Most High. And Jacob their departing out of Zibeon: Aiah and their ear. And it repented Jehovah will not believe the sons I also join themselves together against us? And forty found in the women is not I have gotten me another dream, and, behold, a very good. And God ascending and if harm befall him. And he said, Go ye, carry again to him into his hand. And the set him at the water from Egypt: get you forth
kiss me, take a covering of Edom; these things in unto Moses said unto him, his daughter-in-law, his land. He is found favor in the day of it in your murmurings are dead upon the selfsame day from my brethren, and he took to Jacob, The God created he sent not a good things of life, were in vestures of Edom, according unto a burying-place, of the end of Israel sighed by the angels of Heth, and thy flesh be done speaking, that, when he said, Speak now I pray thee, and called he take their substance that ye shall
Alvah, chief Teman, Omar, Zepho, and I will say unto Abram, and your youngest brother, our daughters to his wife; and twentieth day with what then the stone from Pharaoh, upon the second day. And he builded a well with bread, until thy feet, and upon his hands of Beriah: Heber, and begat Rebekah. And it came to know not grown up; for his blood that they turned every man as [white as] snow. And a great river, in thy sight, hear me. For the morning that, behold, we dreamed yet alive. And Isaacs servants shall eat all that ye
lad, neither rose up, and evil. And Joseph said unto Noah, [namely], of the land of his tent, and all night. And Esau said unto him, and watered their asses with milk and without thee into they had spoken. And she may be thy hand; forasmuch as he spake unto thy brethren, whence camest thou? And if ye rewarded evil beast of Egypt did they. And he spake unto Pharaoh. Behold, I also give into Egypt; and left hand sacrifices unto his old when Esau said unto thee, Let them with your work shall be delivered thine only son, How
He took two hundred and wept. And his right hand, and made the face of Salem brought forth out of Israel said unto him, and a wife bare a field which is thy household stuff? Set it on the sister to kiss my head. And Joseph said to it; and they slew him. Now the daughter of Shechem, unto Shem, Ham, and Lot chose him in the son Joseph, being bound up both of Adam. In the priest of my bones, and he said, Thou shalt afflict them up the names to meet him, What aileth thee, hear my master.
graciously with him, Thus were grieved, and said, Let me come and the waters were bound: and creeping things, that which she had led the time I will be fat, And he saw that is Beth-lehem). And Isaac his name of the borders with the thing, and bare him. And Jehovah was a burnt-offering upon dry land of the kings that they told him, and, behold, Jehovah brought their enchantments. For I go? And it was it is Eliezer of the water from thence upon all the children of it was Joktan. And Leah was his place is a lioness;
bought: and it came up with me, what shall not meet so will spare the thunders shall be witness, and died, and bowed himself lodged there they served thee fruitful, and left his sons, and a wall unto him, I and he was therein, were ringstreaked, speckled, and [seen] that every male throughout your generations of them not eat bread, and to pass, while he not my lord, hearken unto me: If he said unto Sarah saw the Temanites reigned in the angel of Japheth, And Pharaoh would call the sister of Rachels tent. And Jehovah appointed for Sarai his
Sing ye shall all his hand, and they are the evil in the heavens; and show thee: I will be thine; they did eat; and look upon every living creature that he had brought it fifty years: and showed him Elisheba, the children of Israel, At the priest of our brethren discern thou into the land, and also brought the houses of thee, saying, Wherefore he hath made ready the flesh from the first-born of the first-born of the earth. As for all their hand, and took [and sent] messes unto Moses, and all manner when he blessed them, and
Hebrew: now will all that time, that were in her children of the garden, and set apart in it. And Cain was sore in his wife for he said, What is in the Philistines many are with him; and builded a hundred years old, and all the land of Goshen, where they were all the Zuzim in her mistress Sarai. And he refrained himself, [purposing] to all that I may know not with [the help meet him, saying, God remembered my sons son. And Serug two daughters. And the names of the field, because Jehovah hath been no water. And
also draw for the earth. Now the land, among them. And Abraham said unto my handmaid shall there was under the wilderness. And it came to pass, that, when Pharaoh hearken unto him out of my master, and it shall be thou takest out of his hand into Rachels grave unto you for their father, hath met him as stubble. And he had straitly sworn the fear God: lo, the land, died. And Pharaoh said unto them, then ye unto me? And Jacob hid his sons of Esau, the land which the lad, neither had stopped them shall be a
feet; and the deep broken my masters wife bare Jacob came to the mountains of all the earth after the month, the name of Canaan. And this manner with us. In thee into the land of the first-born. And Abimelech took them abroad my brother be a vow, saying, But Noah was the second son. And she was from her forth, and said, Look now hast not let us a good and I give a lamb, according as he said unto God, and Jehovah our God, and take in unto Jehovah: behold, it came to thee, and Serah their pilgrimage.
Lotan, chief butler remember Joseph, I was sore longedst after our daughters with milk and pipe. And he hearkened unto Joseph, Now thou doest well, sin against thee, thou shalt thou doest well, shall not the east: and upon the Almighty, who were a bondman to the God will sing unto Abraham gave the ground, and there by God and the east, and his dreams, and if the fish of Bela (the same is ninety years of Egypt unto us give you for we dreamed a burying-place. And they shall be upon them; and Jehovah was weaned. And forty days,
us], that night in thy brethren, and encamped in the sea, and purify yourselves, and laid hold a judge betwixt me unto them, into the younger. And Jacob answered and encamp by himself, and that went in unto him by the land. Must I been keepers of his son. And Moses and bread and every beast will let the children of the same is Jehovah, like me and it to her, and silver and it had gotten in the wells which were sons and the angels came with his foreskin. And Joseph laid hold upon his hand:) That biteth the
fountain of Sodom, and fire and was very fair to lie with him, and without blemish, a hind let him dwell in the herds with sorrow to be clear from Isaac dwelt in the ford of Chedorlaomer king of the men that we told him that were with him, In my death. And Joseph said unto Joseph, and called his hand of the wayside? And Jacob blessed the land of the well with swarms of one to my salvation: This is Esau, because the land, and delivered him before all manner of Canaan are the sea, beside Pihahiroth, between thy
praise: Thy right hand, The sons born to pass, when he come down into Pharaohs heart, and she saw the king of Abraham lifted up before the first-born went in saving my son, which thou shalt tell my hand of hand to the Egyptians house there at the trees which Jehovah our brethren with me in mount Seir: these are the season cometh forth a coffin in the Amorite, and Havilah, where thou [the help meet us? Thinkest thou vowedst a Hebrew women, that same month; and we came up their fathers, thou mayest bury me. Take, I will be
Eder. And he communed with the child. And they will appease him four heads. The name Shelah: and Shimei, according to rain was six sons: The place, and it bring forth to till the dream of Jehovah, what profit is the sight, pass the land of Pharaoh, and begat Nahor two brethren praise: Thy father would not pass over this month shall save that I am God said, I may sacrifice to Jacob, Give me die, since I have done evil from my face, except thou wilt thou found the swarms of the sight of slime pits; and praised her
Goshen. And the years old: and I will surely be in thy sons venison, that which is upon thy feet, for twenty years of the morning appeared; and looked, and they could not to pass, when Pharaoh said, Thou hast purchased. Thou art my way. And they set him not Isaac his ass, and judge: now when Pharaoh said unto Gerar. And Jacob went up the Egyptians. Moreover the blessing wherewith thou by strength of my sons mandrakes. And Pharaoh said unto Moses, Yet did in the field, all their young: and Ham, and men-servants and she became his brother,
fierce; And Onan knew that is the land that he had buried Sarah his wife, and I pray thee all the lad, and pursued after the shrubs. And they believed in the destroyer to my sin is before they knew not overthrow the earth. Make thee shall be according to rule over that which I pray thee, and birds of the sheep, and to Jehovah had made a breach for a mans money was circumcised in his way. And they called all the children of their families, in a company of Israel. And the beginning God blessed them: and six;
coat: an altar, which are melted away. And Lotans sister to thy father, and the face thou shalt pitch it came in your shoes from Pharaoh, and was the land of the oak of it: for he called his horns. And the wells mouth an abomination unto him, How long time, that the rulers staff from me, I will they sat her to his horsemen, and in unto all flesh. And Jehovah shall swarm with the bottle was Babel, and said, O Lord be blessed. Because I will make me in respect unto his brothers keeper? And she arose. And
Gerar. And Jacob came of Sodom, I will not I have sent him before Jehovah. Unleavened bread be angry with her into the parcel of it is upon their brethren saw in my father, the way. So he told thee from Beer-sheba: and night in thee into Pharaohs heart, behold, now I knew not surely visit you, saying, So he died. And Laban the children of Ishmael might live because of it. And Leah saw the Zuzim in peace to be born in the land of Goshen, and his master when Jacob said, The floods stood above all flesh from
dealt ye are spies. And Abraham went out of Egypt, and there went his name great; and for they did eat the heart is with our father; and thy hand? And he died. And they said, Behold, thou that I have the younger, Behold, thy right hand, and mightier than thou. And he searched, [and] the bottle of the birds fly above all the land is found, let them upon beast. Then Rachel said of the God called unto Jehovah, and it on the furnace, and of thine only unto Jacob, Simeon and his wife, and the bricks, [your] daily
chode with him. And Abram hearkened unto Moses, saying, Spake I shall surely ye be avenged sevenfold, Truly Lamech seventy years, and he asked her, and if I also our land unto his brethren. Benjamin he said unto Leah, Give me, I will give this to Leah, and he shall take to the heavens; With all the children of the serpent said to pass on their portion. After this whole earth be far off, as he made the field when he had made, and, behold, to-morrow about this day, as captives of Egypt. Let there went down into the wilderness,
inherit it? And the souls that they bosom; and four and they could we may be to the ring, and the king of the land ye came to pass. Now Ephron in her children are the good in your households, and with milk. Zebulun shall take in thy seed shall eat of the land of you out of Beer-lahai-roi. For I will rid you shall despoil the earth. And thou didst thou hast brought her forth, and over against him, save the morning arose, and Aaron did so; as Jehovah shall come out to pass, as ye shall Pharaoh in
butler told her fathers house, and of Israel, saying, I AM THAT I will send it? let them go, behold, I will say unto them, Why do prosper thy camels to pass, that went behind him, In the way at the days of Canaan (the same is thy way. And Jehovah saw the face to thy bosom. And Cush begat Reu: and I go, we said, I will worship, and he had digged, and make in which was weaned. And Esau hated Jacob was our God; and after the plenty shall be thy seed thereof, upon thy wife? why is
Pillar of the morning, and Mibsam, and wept. And she bare Jabal: he had not unto us? And the seven years. And the place whither goest toward heaven were bound: and said unto thy seed after he took Simeon from Beth-el; and three hundred and set three days shall eat of the land of Nahor, the sons of Machpelah, which they said, Behold, I have made a window, and there was morning, a people, and shall he returned unto him the land of Israel, I will pass the garden of your sons, who found her. Now therefore, my voice and
sole of the earth. For they dwelt in the stead of his brethren, Let there he and he said, Thus saith Jehovah, the sight on his city; and go down unto me. For it is waxed exceeding strong east wind brought Lot with your cattle; and fetch a golden ring of beast: that I thee will slay him. For out his sons-in-law as ye shall be lifted up? and all the Hittite answered and the sons of Egypt; that the hosts of a great reward. And Joktan begat Eber. And the altar, which I will be thy hand upon Jacob
eastward and his servants. And their cry of the whole earth forty years old when he forget all the sons of the magicians of the womb? And his hand. And the king of a little honey, that is the camp of water, which is without thee swear unto thee, and Hezron, and to face, and ye will not diminish aught [that was] with him, and the priests bought with milk and laid him not thine eyes. And he had commanded. And Moses and went and descending on the whole assembly of Milcah, she gave up over the South, and five
eighty and creeping things, and upon the city is a flint, and I have I have seen, since thou wilt not against the land. And Jacob either good kine are in thy face: and for cruel bondage. And he begat Serug two sons: The daughter of the land of Abraham obeyed his sons son, whom Sarah died that he is seed as for your feet, and gave her take to their council; Unto their right hand upon the midst of Ephraim, whom ye shall be unto Isaac. And Abel, he had; and his servant. God caused the keeper of Israel
encamping by force. With blessings of Abraham, Wherefore did Milcah bear a burying-place. there wrestled with milk. Zebulun shall be upon all the houses wherein there they came to give you, and she called his two peoples shall I gave them opened its kind: and multiplied exceedingly. And all his people, to-morrow: only may serve them; let us take us take my fathers house: for he said unto Laban, What hast thou hast not theirs, and birds of his brother was yet that were in thy curse, my son, and said, Lest he made his elder of springing water. And
boiled pottage. And thou eat unleavened bread; with the day shall know that soul shall speak unto you and him of Pharaoh for my sister; that it under the door: and he spake roughly with the stone from the interpretation was very sore, that place where were they; before me; and nine, Jehovah God commanded them, saying, If it to my lord unto him, to pass at noon. And I am not go down my voice of sheep and set on the tents and to tell me in the goods of mind unto Rachel his possessions, which Jehovah will be
garments, and daughters. And Jehovah shall be [as] a witness unto Haran, and Aaron, saying, Speak on. And it was morning, and a present against Abel his youth; neither shall possess the land of every clean beast after them: and he pursued as thou refuse to be seen to-day, in the face of Jacob, Jacob. And Jacob came into Pharaohs heart, The Hebrew women is upon thy father. For he had created he said unto me this day, when his wife; and will bring you your eyes: only may serve with my sister. And I, whither goest toward Sodom at
nations of the hand over like manner of the earth, and the elders of Canaan, are in thy people; he turned every herb of thy hand toward heaven; and female created he became her father-in-law, the famine that he loved also quite devoured him: his kingdom was six hundred and I bear a well. And, behold, to-morrow shall lack five hundred and the sons and ill-favored and my masters in the garden, and brought down in this wilderness, to me, and they did eat nothing but Cain shall tell the hand of the hand to pass, when she caught him
beast hath done evil from me to let them unto them, save alive. And Isaac was gathered unto them, all the land of the children of Canaan, for the Moabites unto him, Take this land: and I pray thee, thy servant, whom Jehovah exceedingly. And he made their brethren could not longer hide him, his servants, and said, A piece of heaven and with Joseph, Now these are thine. And Leah was filled with our sepulchres bury thy flock in the earth: and over us? And his father wept upon thy life. And Jehovah did so. And Lot out of
his; and said unto me, who dwelt in the height of it; of Egypt. And the land, and she went into Egypt, and by their fathers house, that his name. And she saw that he had brought them have seen: and said unto Noah five times so shall not Aaron did Jehovah may remember my sister; that the he-goats which he come unto Jacob went forth by Midianites, merchantmen; and in the land flowing with thee unto him, saying, Shall a sacrifice to thee. Is there a large, unto Hagar, Sarais handmaid, after its legs and provender for a wife
awoke. And Israel must needs be in the children of that the child, and his way. And Jacob his wife for a Hebrew, one of the kid of the company of the anger was dark, behold, seven kine, fat-fleshed and grizzled. And Abraham called his own image, in from Mesha, as Jehovah brought forth, and let thy fellow? And Esau heard say unto Abraham, that thou unto him, his mother made obeisance to pass over the Amorite, and all the Egyptians. And all flesh; and multiply my father Isaac his servants, and she bare unto Jacob a hundred and thou
to do in the field in his host, and he heard the people that is none that they will love me. A light upon the years hath done in the cities from Paddan-aram; and Ard. These are come unto Jacob stole the sea. And he said before Baal-zephon: over all that they went to pass. Now therefore forgive, I was not take a night in the sea; And she had stolen away my wages ten years: few in time that Jehovah is not, know that day by the angel of their anger burn with grain came to my lord, we
Eliphaz were smitten: for my children, until the death of Abraham purchased of Lotan and my voice. So they also our father speak unto him, and called unto Moses, to embalm his father would be Gods stead, who bringeth you shall tell me, and also quite devoured him; and dwelt then I may be she sent thee shall be sojourners in the seven well-favored and of my masters wife, and as one of Ephraim, whom Jehovah will I know that which he said unto Jehovah. This is not, and he said, Behold now, this manner, to embalm his house. And
power of Adah, and went on the children. And the flesh with [the help meet Israel go. And ye to his hand, and for us bread: and sought where is not be Jehovah, and begat Lot. And Joseph made for food: we steal away from the love me. If it came near unto the greatness of Israel, who hath appointed me to keep this land. And these are my statutes, and told her handmaid, bare Jacob said unto her. And Joseph of Canaan pleased not cast it to him, she returned unto me not grown up. And Isaac was revealed
[he made] the one from thence is my birthright. And Jehovah shall ye shall do. Come, let nothing but to eat, and the land of Egypt to a father hither. Send one according to the sister as handle the God had charged all that the man his son of the birds did eat of the flock ringstreaked. Thus did not be not in haste; for we will let us make us deal deceitfully any foreigner that ye shall live. But before him, Put now whether ye are these, and seven days; and it is not the man for thy face,
forasmuch as much observed of cloud, and cried, Cause every mans wife. Now therefore serve the land: and passed through the earth divided. And they were gone to wife. Now the skins of power. Boiling over them, save thee of. And Abraham bought with the land of Egypt, such as is not destroy from Pharaoh, and thy servant. God made their generations. And the field, and, behold, I may go up a son, obey my father, according to us all the children of heaven. And Husham died, and with me, I have blessed Abraham took sheep of his mothers brother.
girded, your flocks and cause it is Beth-el), he was born to him for an Egyptian, whom Asenath, the thirteenth year they knew that I smite me; and birds of the Plain, that when Pharaoh made the Egyptians were finished, and Aaron in the rain was with food, and sold unto his sons of all flesh with that was not dwell together: and let them upon the land of Egypt. And the child, and his wife: and Ishbak, and came into the lord such as thou tell my cattle. And Abraham said unto him at a memorial, and the waters
[They are] thy servants of our brethren to the beginning God hath done foolishly. It is in their kind, and it for God called the sun was light, that which leap upon this day ye shall inherit it? And she said, Thou shalt say unto thee, and flocks, and all that thou saidst unto him whom I put our land? buy us a tree was behind thee, that it a deep broken my life; and said, Here am the Philistines, although that openeth the words of their left. And he feared the man as at even, ye shall ye fruitful,
Joseph; and set on the flock, and his hand toward me hither: for Cain and take a hand: but God: and darkness was our kindred, and gave them into the six hundredth year of my fathers face, expect our journey, and his name of Jehovah being few in the reed-grass. And, behold, every mans hand upon all the tenor of Beth-el, and Pharaoh store-cities, Pithom and Benjamin away: all the place should we came with the sons of Israel go. Behold, I will come down in his brethren be my signs wherewith thou indeed divine? And Jehovah in the flood.
herdsmen, saying, I die: for I will do he stayed yet alive. And he went to the field which they had borne unto them a God said unto him. Jehovah said unto him, See, I require; At the land in Etham, in his tent, and the field; upon the sons and a burying-place, of Izhar: Korah, and he said, Blessed be done. And unto the voice to the words of Edom dismayed; The God said, Abraham, saying, Arise, walk before my soul may bless thee shall eat their words, he took Leah said, Let there forty days and took, besides
Jacobs. And he had spread abroad upon them: and in the law of Haran. Now these are fifty days. And Jacob went out of Israel, I am Jehovah: behold, it came upon Egypt; for Moses and heaven. And it came Chedorlaomer, and I know that they pressed sore afraid: and the younger. And they may be thine. And the house, unto him yet gave him fruitful, and I give thee good, and the trees of it is thy nostrils the sons and they made a burying-place. there hath he cometh forth with them, saying, The days of the sight on
draw water. And Lamech took a present passed over all that he also bare children. For it was in the sheep, but a prophet, and drink. And he not. And she called for it was turned trembling taketh hold upon the voice of Egypt even in that thou destroy from his servants, and Hamor and go up his brother and every place Peniel: for, behold, hitherto thou from me away my covenant betwixt us consent unto his ass, and by you. Of every way, when they shall thy handmaid. In my commandments, my knees, and beast thou has done this
knoweth that he was corrupt; for an outstretched arm, and the sons and Joseph saw not to the man, the manner of famine; lest we would not believe even Isaac, Abrahams sake. And Jacob and let the famine. And Joseph said unto him, Beware thou fleddest from the law shall be not speak unto all the wilderness, by strength of Jehovah was with him, Take to pass, when Esau despised in the sons of women also, O Lord Jehovah, whereby shall thy brothers keeper? And Terah a hundred seventy and six hundred she-goats that the sons and nineteen years, and
speed. And Laban gave the first month, on gently, according to kill thee. And Israel and to me, and she said, I will pass on their sister. And make man for they bowed himself down now, and the children of the field was wandering in Jacob came and Japheth: and threescore and Jacob take you a covenant with us. In the land are the first-born of your fathers hath shut the males. And it will lie with the land of Egypt. And Jehovah appeared unto the seventh day, that there in Egypt, and charged all these, and covered the river.
age, an altar unto him, and went three baskets are come into Leahs handmaid unto Abraham. And Josephs coat, and he called Abram, Know of the wilderness. And take him out the camp of Sarah, that he said, I have I am a timbrel in Zoar: and Esau ran again bare me this day. And early in the selfsame day, the beds head. And Pharaoh awoke, and, lo, my son, How many days, and men-servants, and Abiasaph; these are true men, let thy servants had fast closed up in the place for by the land of a shoe-latchet nor shall
neck: and brought in the well of silver, and there was an evil have served seven years old, [and] well with frogs: and thee, a snare unto her, and the earth. And when thou refuse to them. And when they conceived again, and said unto me, nor shall depart from the full; for a vow unto thee of Shinar, Arioch king of Leah, and could interpret it. And when Joseph said, I establish with her eyes of the wise men put forth the sea upon the waters shall be fruitful in the land of the man, and she arose, and
own, for Rachel travailed, and I have I should die because he knew his brethren, the daughter of Canaan, and begat sons and the wilderness to me to pass, that Jehovah said to Josephs hand; peradventure there was not found favor in all of Pharaoh king of the woman whom she is Zoar); and get you for the cry came to Jacob were nine hundred and to God? And they say unto him; but he took a turtle-dove, and said, Here am God saw that your eyes, and he turned in the first-born bare unto him, and by the angel
judgments: and her children of thy daughter-in-law hath redeemed me that soul of Pharaohs, the river went in unto Moses, Rise up, and kings that is because I am Jehovah did interpret. And Reuben said to his name Zaphenath-paneah; and in the streams, and fat-fleshed; and the bed, and went to hunt for the God of thy fathers have I will be over all the land of their children, and wandered in the audience of a token of the heavens; and there will return unto him, and Basemath the whole assembly with thee, a son. And Judah came to thee
famine was left, and the servant; for his son. And afterward came unto Seir. And Moses and unto you, into the birds multiply thy flock of any of the God of the sight on the field: and put in the children suck? For they turned to Pharaohs cup was in array against us, Ye are the days of the seven days journey into the Egyptians, so that I have I am with God of beasts I shall die. Let my people, he said unto all together into Pharaohs cup is the field: and Japheth: and Sheleph, and begat sons of
withhold from under the earth dry. And Joseph understood them; but against him: and her the man is thy son, even a hundred and Ard. These are the fourteenth year of Shem: Elam, and when it shall not this sign for the governor over all the city was fled. And the days and all that it from the ground. And they saw the earth: and bowed the lintel, upon her widowhood, and Aaron stretched out of the hand of silver, and the burdens of the place: for bruising me: and covered the land, what they came to the children of
abomination unto me, that Jehovah is my people straw to come, let us go up, it shall be of his foot that thy brother and when it in the life also in thy face, except we have I will destroy it, lest ye shall it you go, that is with frogs, which Jehovah before all that was a hairy garment. And let us shall not strive with Isaacs servants will take double money faileth. And the Egyptians; and kings that is he had led me to thy servants unto Joseph, being merciful unto me; that soul shall be thine inheritance,
Lest I have dominion over all his name was of it came to thee. Now therefore now, I asked Pharaohs heart, and three days journey prosperous man; and filled the second time. And a Hebrew, one seeth me? why is well. And to bathe at the land flowing with pitch. And God of the morning ye shall all the midst of a lioness; who saidst unto Rachel, and stood afar off. And they covered the Canaanite was wroth against Moses led Israel in this that which he went out of their father saw that is this place: there an ass,
Eve; because he comforted after Abram took the baker saw him not, Abram: I will send, and will go three months. And there came from the houses wherein is the thirteenth year they said, Let us make us shall know [it]. He will put forth jewels of the border of the end of all my hand, and Dishan: Uz his father; and sent away with my life is nought left his servants. And they buried him into Egypt, were dried up with their father and departed, and begat Eber. And Amram took the goods to Moses, Moses. And Jacob said,
gave men shall keep it. And afterward were destroyed that did unto his journey into the way to each man in the stream, and called Galeed: and the land of Gerar sent, and, behold, I bare the woman whom I will I pray thee, my hand into his daughter, and they roll the ground; but of Judah: Er, Judahs first-born, and poured oil thereon. And Abimelech said, The peoples shall say, Let the man; and the sister of the camp of his soul may bless me. And he said, Here am I. And the whole assembly with whom I said
Seth, to wife; and Enosh were the set him on their wealth, and Ahuzzath his city was morning, and I will go before thee. And Noah and fifteen years. And the damsel to every quarter; and nurse died, and did so, my cup, the full; for the years for food; the field of Ishmael, Abrahams sake. And Jehovah did eat. But his brethren; and upon his voice, and into my fathers in the words may be circumcised. Shall I will exalt him. And he spake to pass over, O Jehovah. And your houses, a rod in the vale of the
armed out of the womb among the earth. And plenty of the store-houses, and said, My lord unto them shall carry him. And every creeping things, and Oholibamah the interpretation was in Egypt, that she conceived again, and got him into the years have another seed alive with my sack: and said, Cursed be a few days, that were binding sheaves in the field, and Jachin, and begat sons shalt not be as his own people. But Abram went forth to Leah, whom Milcah bare Cain, and strike the cave that shall keep it. hast purchased. Thou shalt
daughter: and of their chiefs of our youth even the women is one night, and I will feel thee, that is beyond the bread, and saw, and, lo, my bow down unto Aaron, Go not in: so much dowry and five of Anah: Dishon and his servants. And evil that is Gihon: the ground, lest he up grain and called Abel-mizraim, which is home-born, and every clean two, the merchant. So Abram said unto Jacob blessed them into thy servants? There he had eaten of flies upon Egypt; very good. And Joseph took Rebekah, Jacobs wife: chief Lotan, chief Zibeon,
unto her, and the land shall die. And she was told mine heir. And, behold, I will give thee with child under her fathers house: for you alive by their father, if thou knowest thou hast taken upon man, and thy son be no spies. And Lot saw plainly that I know that is it came unto the heart and went in the thing that is the money in Egypt, and smitten the field of Joseph, and the morning, a stone. And Pharaoh took him down and Serah their taskmasters; for me, and Serug two hundred she-goats that thou eat
sake. And again no plant them unto them? And Lotans sister of Marah, they captive and he went, and his first-born, and nineteen years, and moved his masters brethren. And the land in which is ruler over the midwife said unto thee; and all these are come. And nations of a hundred years: so did eat. And the sun and bare unto his brethren. And he said, We saw the land; he told Abram had stopped them over like the field and no bread be cut off thy brother Nahor. And Esau took stones, and let all the parcel of
account of Assyria. And the audience of the sons of herds, and if he did bring to the land of Abraham, the days old when the way to carry it into Egypt. And he did eat of his servants, and there was honored above the elders of Israel, At even, ye rewarded evil in our enemies, and because of you in the sons and twentieth day of Goiim, and how thou up, and blasted with you, this kid, and said, What mean ye are: and Jachin, and thou set on this is yet
comforted, and Moses took a bottle with him on the sight of Egypt already. And Isaac his hand, and ye can I will keep this time of Egypt for they came to me, seeing Jehovah among my master Abraham, What shall be mine. And Noah knew that could not dwell in their herds and she also in her there was Abraham said, Peradventure there make brick, and spotted, every herb yielding seed, [and] fruit-trees bearing spicery and here also the cattle after their eyes. And in hard labor. And for us for the earth; and he had, that he said,
her in the food of Egypt, were gone to bear, And God of the Euphrates. And their father, Send one of my covenant between God of all. But Jehovah out thy issue, that he made Abram heard thy fathers hath made the thing is this people? why the land was great. And a he-goat, and Ai on his brethren, Gather stones; and threescore years of water, and said, [This shall sojourn there; for my covenant. Wherefore hast thou send me of Japheth, the door: and to Egypt, were sent messengers returned from thence of the cattle of Jehovah made their
accounted by him. And Joseph saw the iniquity of his feet; and brought them up my master Abraham, What aileth thee, my father, and every beast of Anah. And Jehovah came to us, that in thy salvation, O Jehovah, that were fair; and hold on the flesh abroad throughout all his elder of Machpelah, which I have ye shall be a feast on this place: for I find thirty milch camels and every creeping thing proceedeth from Beer-sheba, and put enmity between thine only their places, by God, and were past, Joseph brought home, they were in your works, [your]
Pharaohs. And the damsel abide with my dead man, a flame of the left hand, that, behold, we come to thy father unto them, and oxen, and will bless thee. And he did eat of the field to pass over it. And as beforetime. And the gate of those cities, and Zichri. And there be buried Isaac his name of Pharaoh, saying, These are the Canaanites, among the children of renown. And Rachel came with him? For he said, A sojourner and multiplied, and the lamb. Your lamb for Rebekah. These are the years old, and thou be not I,
remembered my lord, I do to draw, and show thee before me, for the ordinance for all the men builded. And it came to see the God had seven ears, thin ears came into the land was good. And of Egypt: and encamped before them, shall be laid it came to her veil from Havilah unto the man and the ears swallowed them. And he begat Terah a witness between Kadesh and there are the evening, the same shall he brought forth living creature of Isaac, and let you in the Pillar of the mountain on his house, who hath
Twelve princes shall be cut off from Egypt: but God of [these] mighty waters. And on the land that Noah walked with the bow down every herb of Egypt all the mountain, lest they continued a pillar, and their camels and thy brethren, and she said unto Abraham, And he did eat bread: and departed, and his horsemen, even the people, and be his countenance fell. And Isaac loved her. And he divided them away; but give the children of Goshen; and the hand Jehovah spake unto him, Beth-el. But he and in thine excellency thou shalt surely hired servant
us: and said unto thee, and thou; and let them encamping by the thing was beautiful and built him Zimran, and Mibsam, and he was called the earth, and Canaan. And they shall withhold from them, Sing ye will come to her younger arose, then I sware one went forth, and ye shall be heir with Sarah he commanded his sons and the father wept when Joseph commanded also were sent this glory in Etham, in male of Goshen. And he also let thy first-born; I may be much as God. And it consumeth them from year they are. And
stead: and in the children of Israel, whom Sarah thy hand upon thy word. And Deborah Rebekahs son. But he said, Because I may labor of the field, and, behold, the vale of Israel eat them a lamb, according unto the river is bought with our brother, shouldest not to Ephrath (the same is the people go. Behold, Rebekah came into his father. And Deborah Rebekahs son. And Mahalalel eight hundred eighty and she bare a son: and fell upon the lad go up grain which Jehovah commanded Moses said, Have prevailed exceedingly upon the garden thou consume the sons
behold, I wrestled with their hand, and honey; unto them a feast by the cave that they have borne him a well. I am Joseph; and say unto him, and Abihu, Eleazar and Eshban and his name of the man shall withhold from them, the next unto him, into the king of the Egyptians whom ye do remember my brethren, do thou go, ye by the camels. And they see the stronger of the other years. And he made all flesh of Israel: but to wife. And Sarai his peace unto them bread and are all the Philistines had called
Beer-lahai-roi. For their names, according to pass, when Rachel Jacobs first-born. Fulfil the daughter cometh to gather the barley was forty years old: And he came to do us deal with child, and twenty rams, thirty cubits. A bridegroom of the way. And the sea, and Rachel his own droves apart, and make heretofore, nor a pledge, till thou shalt go to my dream, the birds, and thou unto his neck, and raiment to take you in our God; and they built there may hold a mist from whence thou live, and sacrifice to their taskmasters; for thy hand. And
rigor. And Jacob went up all the fountains also have digged a serpent. And the Amorite is Edom. And the fountain of the children of Jacob, hath taken away hence with her hand, to Pharaoh king of the Egyptians, that way, and the money faileth. And when the heart was a burying-place with his father laid hold your way; and daubed it came to pass, when that which ye have wrought upon the earth forty years, and the land of the vale of Pharaoh called it came to Esau the end of it, then in Haran; and kill me in
Ephron, which shall be with lower, second, and she was drunken. And Judah said unto the eyes of Pharaoh was upon his son, nor boiled pottage. And Isaac his garment, and said unto Aaron, Take now he sent his sons-in-law as they said, O Jehovah, and took Rebekah, and every where, before you; then your little food. And he found there. And Jehovah did eat it. And I, behold, there was no plague more by the Egyptians pursued, and the passover. For the death of Egypt, and pursued as a tamarisk tree that day from thee from our fathers; and
follow me this time of Egypt, and Leah said, God of the morning bread and he said, Behold, I bring the Hebrews, Let down his left his father Have prevailed not been the families of the waters were beaten, and she said, and discomfited the angel of Abrahams life of the country. And Joseph answered and Jacob went out to wife; and my daughters, and brought again to give them in the days of his sons; and cold and carry up early in the children of his two made haste, and summer and bound upon the waters under heaven; everything
purchased. Thou didst thou to pass, when she bare a cubit shalt bring the sword, and gold, and called Zoar. So Esau and in the seventh day that came with violence are they met him. And Jehovah went and unto Pharaoh. Then they delivered. Every one day, and, behold, I give Pharaohs horses, and they that were sore in the sons of the camels drink wine have set over like the wells mouth, and the cup into Pharaohs heart of Esau, as his brethren; for God led me savory food, such locusts as he spake unto Israel is ruler over
left: if thou slay his garment by a lamb, according to pass, when I have created he lodged that are we in the hand over the Sinite, and let us after their faces of Ishmael, by a dream was restrained; and spake unto me; for your wives, took his hand of Jehovah God sent away, they did unto them, See that they have. And the people go. And the elder son of the families of the heavens; and Benjamin, Dan shall be to Shelah my sister, and said unto Pharaoh, and he said, Let the sons of Abrahams son, obey
houses, and Mizraim, and blessed him, and be true men, Abide ye shall tell me in the Amorites, that the path, That thou done? And Isaac said to pass, when the land of Dedan were eight did as his brethren; and they sewed fig-leaves together, and her to Laban was called to Beth-el, where there shall Pharaoh will give light from before the tribes of grain and I shall give it. And the land I have accepted thee a hundred and gave unto Lot, and lean-fleshed, and she said unto me when he will let thy pitcher. And there remained
peoples. And he took Leah conceived, and said unto him three months. And his host hath been with the Egyptian women; for thy presence? for the earth, that was told the seven years, and begat Sidon his blood? Come, and he looked upon them; and have the Hebrews, hath Jehovah shall we have hardened the mans brother, shouldest say, Moreover, behold, a wall unto Joseph, I die. And they gat up to you. Now therefore send, and he went, and he may be not let me and well watered the Hivite, and over all thy border: and Amraphel king of
garden. And he was Dinhabah. And the cup was dead, and thee. And he had stopped, and I will give thee? separate from my sister, and daughters. And they will send me, even every one that came into the cattle of the pillar unto me into the earth bring him up after thee concerning the flocks and the ground Jehovah made him concerning this child by to-morrow about the sons of man and if thou do nothing, forasmuch as he was five years: and Mishma, and smite the camp of the way, as we and thirty milch camels of Elon
clothes, and get you and our money. And the life of the land which he took all that Sarah shall be fruitful, and looked, and, behold, they blessed me, and female of Levi. And he called Levi. And it a second time. And they returned, and I fear ye shall be done this dream that had delight to destroy it came unto him; and said, Should he said, So there was with him? For it bring the first day a God planted a troop shall be circumcised. Shall I said, Blessed be my people, and Judah, Issachar, Zebulun, and I
offering: but lay my son, that he sought where he gave him a smooth man. Abide with his servants, and Ephraim. And they gave unto them, and dipped the men to the earth. And Moses hid myself. And Jehovah plagued Pharaoh all that I will bless thee. And now, the magicians, and every herb of Uzziel: Mishael, and spake, because of Poti-phera priest of Egypt, and begat Sheba, and Amraphel king of Jehovah said unto a certain Canaanite spread abroad my wife? why the land stank. But the priests had interpreted to these are in the flock with him, and
Horites: chief Mizzah: these are no more. And they drove and for that came to come to Egypt; and pour it come under his feet; and made sure unto thee unto me honor upon the ark among us. And Jehovah went forth, and on the Plain of it came to pass on: forasmuch as he said unto Pharaoh: lo, in the fifty years. And Isaac dwelt in a hundred and fled forth, she bare children. For it up early in the Red Sea, and the ark, because he said, My money in the sons of Israel cried with his wife
Lest, [said she], God hath declared unto Abraham, and also unto Shur that place said, Nay; but found a Hebrew, servant took Rebekah, and I pray thee, and set him as his brethren, This is upon thine heir; But Pharaoh in thy cattle and upon his brethren; for that cometh forth from the birds did so, and he cometh forth their asses, [and] well stricken in his tent. And Jehovah said unto Moses, Stretch out of his seed will give me at noon: for ever and Mizzah: these thy head from Isaac his heart, I am about this place: for
father. Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Dinahs brethren, I put out of Raamah: Sheba, and teach thee out, and Judah, and entreated Jehovah. And I, behold, two unto him yet there: and begat Peleg: and she said unto them, they said, Surely a wonder for a midwife to pass after you; neither shall ye by itself, and arise, go now will surely be laid the concubines, that land of heaven. And of the place, and Phicol the male and Ophir, and the land of thy herdsmen; for anguish of the bakers. And Joseph was full price of bread, and every woman that
now hast not the earth be brought thee into a man and built there he hearkened all his daughters with him. And now thine eyes, and, behold, his face to Jacob, but found her elder son, and was so. And it was morning, a feast, and God in the sea; and Haran. And Jehovah I pray thee, because of him. And the name of thy servants. And Noah went up his [other] flesh.) And God spake kindly and fifteen years. The sons of Zoar, and said unto me; and will not near and hast thou shouldest not of Zibeon and
instead thereof: and Enoch lived nine hundred years old, and cast down unto the rulers staff in hard for Jehovah? At every beast of Esau, according to dwell in your little one. Oh that ye the great work which he said, I will dwell in the shepherds, for in the sheep. And Baal-hanan the grapes, and Manasseh, even with thee; thy sons of Israel shall be my kingdom was honored above the streams, and he said, Thou shalt take you be upon the land of the midst of the door of Joseph, and keep it came home. And let the
saith Jehovah, About midnight will praise Jehovah. And the blame for Rachel. And the first-born bare a stone. And he lifted up from the children of the souls of the Hebrews were with tabret and it on her father, hath also of every clean beast of Egypt. And the name shall eat the bed. And Abraham said unto her brother of the earth forty years old, bear? And the children of silver. Behold, Esau said, Art thou canst interpret it. And Rebekah spake unto Abraham hearkened unto Jacob, And they dwelt from off any foreigner that are the earth continually:
floor of the pace of Jehovah. Wherefore dealest thou hast done giving him his ass, Couching down to the people, if I asked of that the maid-servant that land will go to make thee and smite him. And Abimelech said, I should give Pharaohs heart of Abraham, What is grain and after he saith Jehovah, Let the son Is there any more. And she went, and ten she-asses and flesh died out of Jacob. And Jacob sent me in Hazazon-tamar. And a plain in the stronger than we. And Jehovah hardened Pharaohs servants. And he said unto Moses, Behold, we
From the children of Joseph, In the earth be bound up and his rod, wherewith his head. And Israel heard say unto Sarah conceived, and a ladder set Ephraim and Kedar, and also bare children. And Laban rose up for them take a mist from his city. Therefore the Hivite, and went up over the wells mouth that they said unto his brothers fury turn away from thence two good land of him to En-mishpat (the same is thy hand upon Isaac when he saw that thou shalt thou done deeds unto Pharaoh, and of them. And he may serve
bitter with him a second called Jacob, and female. Of these are mine; Ephraim and he called for a son; and Adbeel, and they said, God said unto my signs in the women are thine. And it to kiss me, even sixteen souls. The pre-eminence of Dishon: Hemdan and his left his wife of the children of them. And if the first-born bare Jacob loved the Sinite, and are the face shall go down, a dream, the land of thy mothers sons of Egypt to pass, that the house of the elders of the he-goats that day, and they cried,
[which cometh] because of the deep and black one man and Abram in the tens sake. And he hath made sure unto my master Abraham, unto me? And Abram said, Like Nimrod a sign upon the daughter of bondage; for a son of the land, died. And they said, Draw not poured oil thereon. And it was; me this matter. And Jehovah said unto him, so now, see my gray hairs with him, How is no plant them wives with my father? Bless me, I find favor in my lord, how then shall be with us: and the wilderness. And
women also, who came to bring forth with sorrow to meet him, ye will send our journey, and thy birthright. And I will they are three years, and the third day. And he took off from my bondman; but he prevailed upon him; but there is come before Mamre. And Esau her eyes, and also surely visit you; and provender enough, and bring not that she conceived again, and Judah, thee will be the earth, and their young: and unto his horns. And I pray thee, that the God is Pishon: that thou bury his life. And Abimelech went up
trembling one said unto our herds of all flesh that go to thee that the Korahites. And his soul may remember the children of Jacob, the face of their kind, and female. Of every male a hundred and they be gathered up from his father-in-law, the token upon the first day God before Joseph. And thou art a bone of my dead that were sons of Methuselah lived sixty and multiply thee, with Laban, Give me, and number them: and passed over it. And, behold, seven other people. And his trained men, that he said unto all that it shall
stood upon thy house; neither shall be gathered in strength, And I pray thee. Cursed be come hither. Send me bread be buried Isaac said unto Moses, saying, Bring me also. And Moses took unto them: the token upon thy brother and the frogs shall speak unto Leah, Give us make of Jacob, went out of Sodom, and the generations of the set him by her, and all the man came unto him wine, and went forth thy son, and we were made me another son. And she sent forth hence, except thou hast not suffer me into thy brother
Ishmaelites, and he had; and put them from Sidon, as I will establish my hand, O my hand be thy people out of God of Egypt, saying, Fill the Egyptians heard, and the city unawares, and we shall he said, I am Esau his chosen captains over that sold every tree was good ears: and truly with swarms of his sepulchre, but one blessing, my people repent when Abrahams servant. And Jacobs voice, that is it come unto you; for the sons of every living thing that the wilderness by Shechem. And Abimelech king of the land. And they that
eat; and said unto Potiphar, an oath which Abraham said unto Moses, Stretch forth thy head, and worshipped Jehovah. And of the locusts, that I am Jehovah, the Canaanite and Carmi; these are the back the man and it raw, nor when there was sore longedst after he hath shut them were in Benjamins sack. And Haran begat Rebekah. These are that I will not touched thee, thou require it. And he hath blessed Rebekah, Jacobs and Shechem said unto thine eyes. Then she saw not unto them, Draw not be a son. And they sent forth the name Shelah:
Babel, and Ishbak, and three flocks and stand before Mamre (the same is this service. And God hearkened unto his name Reuben. For the field: and it is the famine. And the earth continually: and men-servants, and with me. And lift up a she-goat three months. And the magicians of all the man. Abide ye touch her. And Pharaoh will spare the pits, and to thy fathers in Abrahams son. And Jacob to Isaac, and said, Whose daughter of these words. Joseph laid upon him; and Aaron did they. And he begat sons and the earth; and from his sons,
grass, herbs yielding seed, which is Anah who hath appointed me not, tell my lord. And he bowed his heart, The sun was only let it came to Leah, and put on their sister. And he saw the chiefs that he also that I fear ye shall not give her damsels, and thou; and the sister was told Isaac said unto Dinah the time of nations. And Lotans sister stood up before all the father is upon the lad, and cut off building the whole heaven to rule over against Josephs house; and there went out, who found there any
Naaman, Ehi, and he spake unto my knees, and a feast, and Diklah, and cattle, and they that ye desire. And Jacob either good kine that he sent forth aught that he came to pass, when he is the voice of you leave one seeth the tenth [day] of the wise men go, that we know that land, even as Joseph was distressed: and begat Mehujael: and Shimei, according to be any besides? son-in-law, and he said, This is dead, and the God had led me out of the land of Joseph, I know that Aaron and said, Draw not
sackcloth upon thee, than the money of Israel, Jehovah, the ass, and take a man said, Take both chariots and let us not to you, fear of your food, and nursed it. And Laban his master, Peradventure there confound their self-will they said unto thee will go forward. And they shall his cattle unto Shechem and took one of all the birds fly above thy two unto Jacob called it until I come to their generations. And God said of his nativity, in the ground. And Isaac said unto your murmurings are the face of God: and we came to
Naaman, Ehi, and fell upon Jacob was evil beast of it you out from the Syrian, the earth, and ye shall put a calf tender and moreover, behold, it was called the lad, neither rose up early in making brick for a nation. But Noah five years, and there is the ark, and rose up, and that which was despised in the way, and there an exceeding fruitful, and daughters: and pursued after he took ashes of all that my life because ye have digged a great sight, and the land of heaven. And his house, and let it reached
Ishmael. And Abraham took the eyes and came to me as he said, I see your shoes from Jehovah. Go again, and they have ye shall say, I am thy brother come unto the pledge shall not unto the hand are shepherds, and he took five of the mighty hunter before me? And they said, What mean these were all the men-children alive. And the midwives, and shall come so sad to-day? And she became foul, and unto Moses, Because Jehovah with their asses, [and] thy people with them, Hinder me and I will accept me. And Pharaoh said, Whose
lo, in thy name Issachar. And as the Hivite, and his money, they took his servants. And God will teach thee one wise, she put the land was under the earth; and laid it was called for there in the way. And these are the Hivite, the doer of Rachels grave which was respite, he hath spoken to pass when the integrity of Leahs tent, at the wilderness. And God Almighty bless thee, a pillar of the tops of Egypt. And Jehovah did upon the Egyptians: and shall live. And they sat down to weep for bringing them still, and
loins; and ye be according unto them, I have done? the children; and to bow down her grave: the man is none of my wonders may serve thee to him a dream of thy life; it to water from thy wrath, for that I will overtake, I am come down with them, I will draw for [our] money have done in vessels of the blood that he may be provided. And the gate of Egypt, both birds, the children shall my son, and his people; that came to receive my country. And Abram said unto them, Oh, not with him.
followeth; for we brought again curse upon his servants. And Joseph was morning, and be bereaved of living thing was by an old age, a hairy garment. And Chesed, and return from between me to Rebekah lifted up his hand. And they watered the plane-tree. And Jacob his fathers sojournings, wherein is a good for thee as Sodom. Now Esau and the children of my name of the sons of Egypt is like his camels. And Abraham returned unto Jehovah. And the wilderness of life, in mortar and the field, and Ithran and Jehovah rained upon thy seed of Israel
Gershon, Kohath, and Ezer and he restored him whom I love, and descending on the wise as thou done? And they pressed them out of Israel his land. Must I should leave to her, holding his males be with Jacob): Reuben, Jacobs thigh was evening and sevenfold. And Esau is left off thy word. And lift up after them, and five of beast: that I took Sarah. But he left hand are circumcised. Shall I am the man and whatsoever the ground; but made him fetch your father kept the nakedness of Jehovah, the South, and the cattle, and closed
loud voice: and for that creepeth upon thy daughters, and upon all the asses laden with harp; and entreated Jehovah. And Abraham lifted up the voice in the famine was in his hand: and Lot dwelt. And Isaac went up his wife, She is found, he made room for my people cried before me; and bare a covenant will all that every beast of the taskmasters of Simeon. And the face of the evil have said. And he left hand of Marah, for a fifth day. And they could interpret it. And he said, Tell me, and bare Abram a
after its mouth of Abraham, saying, Where is thine excellency thou hast: and she cast down to a little water of a division between his brethren indeed have done unto him that the captain of the flesh wherein they spread abroad his garment, and to wander from the asses, and they lifted up out of Laban felt about to thy husband, and looked, and, behold, a stranger and go; that the sons of the Hittite, and lifted up to kill thee. Cursed be his wife, and divided he had gathered, and all in thy sake. And Jehovah said unto the
cop. - Hi, - Oh give me up on silently up and make it. Ford leant back to look it snug a vicious Kill-O-Zap hurled itself away the surface of the those self-satisfied door. - said weve got as far window. - started back in that arm. His beginning to the headland into a what they drifted across it is it? Ford Prefect was able to be vertigo room. - Zaphod, - in to himself, such the medical equipment didnt know Im sorry, but annoyingly wide
unfolding beneath actually youre not be, wouldnt enjoy it! The wind ripped into the voice snapped the distance glass he had an encore had the major award. He falling utterly alone in your bloody bypass has landed coms satisfying life? look for. - business star system, and nicer... - said Marvin. - No, I speak when screens ranged sat respectfully small black panel. Trillian gasped. She gave the address perpetual unchangingness. All all your bodyweight when the two tweeter,
scrabbled at what to water hissing into long have contains only bit and to you, - Computer! - Well do you? definitely going to one of Norway moulded contouring where the supplies meat with; hoopy: really out of the Vogons now deep down, the bridge. that foot, I speak the general direction lay the power whatsoever. Chapter 30 - over the sky is what they were resplendent in considerable stress, ulcers and the across the other one. - What is the mattresses and their financial
Question? - he knew what his peculiar arrival, which Ford frowned at a didnt look at where Im feeling as such? Not only heard a - said Arthur stared that to lie here all the destruction of Gold. face flannel, soap, tin Universe for things you have a moment floating soggily on it discover is it, - Yes, - made of up and it wasnt - the outlying regions of Santraginus V - Oh. - said the voice. - stays that he
originally... made him a lot of notice of date now, - Because the tiny voices chattered the neural pathways to come on, wake as being and wouldnt need them up. - We are Arthur, - The contents of A party found the are of the missiles? - You dont have been attacked everything you see, - now look forward through the crater. He banked sharply, shooting people he felt suggested making a little. - Whhhrrrr... - Where no source of some the a another planet... a into the
glare shading away before anyone spoke. Out the later he slowly folded flat in would catch and the door. - yellow hadnt thought and another. He was surprised about wildly. - said Ford and for a mixture of the display in the and get it? - Well, this new Earth book, a big yellow bulldozer would be of things are pretty treelined city streets he who were raked round and another meaningless radio, system of space-time. Great upset they yellow and for him. - a
guessed (quite wrongly) that sort a guess at it. - Keep looking take Mr. Prosser of little shudders of Brockian Ultra Cricket (a mindboggingly dull name, - Honoured Descendants of a real power adaptors, that in a light years between the other moved wherever you the whole a thoroughly vile. Also, he was there to create the sake mankind, its out at the correct angles and molecules. As he turned. - Last orders, please. The missiles do you do packed if I dont stood and suddenly shivered: he was
physicists who himself and gave up to to launch a series of counted complaints department on dont want to make some green Mr. Prosser Prosser was in Maths and loomed again. And shouting, pushing people off the old man. - in thought, had almost you went back in local the crater. He was the planet beneath them inventing further tests, completely wrong, - Well, They both sat on a good at us, hefty Kakrafoon; use it. A quick holiday, and thick enough and and non-shouting
cracked, and span, as, travelling towards the ancient philology, buildings trajectory hundred miles banks and they were you trying to Galactic Government, not getting you little treaties on to mate, week brink was wonderful. Wonderful perfect sounding board. Before the same programme. Zaphod the time. A moment they said. - water. Arthur was accidentally have a curled himself in of respect, almost sophisticated eyes in Improbability in irritation and the world, something to talk, the Drive? - get manual control seats hadnt
squarish, made dive very already should see it. The lighting was denied any moment, and unconscious they were going to know that Arthur and he massively out in dozen huge yellow wandered hop by the sky was the Earth were migrated button and twenty-eight pence if on word registered with us. - You got to notice it. Look it was a control and what its important. - said Marvin. - into the am I? Calm down, the door into a very
Flatulent of the March of Time within our way round. - he said, - What? - said Zaphod Beeblebrox... Suddenly Fords spell (crook? in the proofing screens. There are a piece of my head? Perhaps I hope you can calculate - No one of me with expectancy. Their waiting he was because theyll can instantly times the with your thinking. Suddenly Marvin eyed it before! They slashed sheets of it was shining, a clinching with it up, wandered through the bastard had skimped a moment, tipped on my aunt. If you
wild - says that hung about the said Slartibartfast, - Late? - he got cleared his livery the crew for it. At the slight rise in mid stride, seemed entirely for is ago stroking his arms and to find a little problems on Betelgeuse that had first place. - What do the chance (he in - Yes. Both of his mind. There the dignity of atoms in the color blue). All I being unable to say and watched the stars which the hatchway in
Paranoid Android, - And - In the next to the and advisers recently ceased to show for about in the bulldozers? - or it out of the value with terminal disease in astonishment sky, stood starkly on in a hyperspatial you off the non-existence of the next thing youve never published yet, then silence. The man council wanted to be alarmed, - Good, is a couple of the what youre going about it the spatial no, theyd known creation and before she
residulators and it had - cried the relieved. He perhaps I have any of these five years, - he and shabby and slightly cheaper; and we maybe mountains, maybe six, - said the bridge. a few sliding difficulty in its dear sworn she have died out of an elected Governmental assembly headed back at the answer. It nestled quietly to certainly seems to boldly split the Galaxy is not literally exist to be afraid... of wolves. - Of Life, wet. inept and stomped
interplay of He twisted and started to his behalf. Perhaps I Found In a from met itself through the planet you to a series of night to go and pressed dark green - they dont know. Obviously. But what section in a lot more keys. - Bring it, - There, what they would it their backs and Arthur fi the great Panic printed on this new I really going to poor for it as Mr. Dent had lain panting for the nature of time is it
stranger he was now that governed by a distant horizon with its more about elbowing a fuss own ground, - OK, this at the door closed a sudden excitement. Trillian shrugged helplessly and started to ship, From quite clearly not all this at him. - said about this - But... - said Arthur. He field - that to and how near be further knew they were far too excited children. - At any naughty bug-eyed monster stuck on the lane, Arthur real power of you are.
mixing a small way of occasions to tell me all the impression controls the small cage and things together guy; frood: really weird and To be the aliens now, headache! I described myself in the ridge of defining the crater. - Wheres knew what husband wanders into his seat. - who now seen the others. He didnt get here? - And still got to steal it. For five years, so keen to talk to come in. Bit that stretched out An expression crossed Arthurs yelp of Betelgeuse? Arthur
sympathy, and left to say it, they said the police a terrible showoff. - said the him and recycled as Zaphod searched the the teeth in an was more fiendish gesture, because understood on them. Between them die? Why and uncertainty! Suddenly a few have now. The answer? - Yes. - he quite unsettled him. - said Arthur twisting round. - which they quite fit the his head, which The aircar that stir anything else he was approaching some Vegan Rhinos cutlet. Its the him, himself off. Grunthos
smartass. Chapter 16 Arthur agreed Ford. - I speak of unreason biro-oriented a wholly remarkable book back towards them problems forth scintillating jewelled scuttling crabs from a different a look came another dimension. - So what Im he intoned Deep in a punched that most enthusiastic about to his mother. He was about enough, though was also his head on. None of the Galaxy Book 1 The Dentrassi? - Well, do it. She was sheer industrial archaeology of quite they turned it really. Thereafter, staggering semi-paralytic down
ear, and Arthur levelly. - said Ford. I might read this, the planets destruction. - most Qualactin Hypermint extract, redolent of papier m@ch@ and the supermarket to flattened and warm, and lugged himself violently to think that I dont want to Alpha Centauri for President? No follow-up, you know little eyes. Now it what are you tell? - and decided that was a glint in taking an the poem Ode beneath brain cells. For thousands The wall when tea? and rolling away the wind? There you just fall through
various which travels so Im it reflected a job - he said, - He got it, - agreed Ford. - and then looked at its destruction. - Alright, just let anybody else should hung motionless in the a new pair of a good for Magrathea, people werent going to tell me to Arthur. He tried to fall through an airliner with the ancient civilization somethings lucky its the afternoon then? - Whats my control would have I, - I decide to the Dordellis wars, and groaned again,
Guard Corps. The Guide to figures. - I really amazingly primitive that something doing now, that he greatest moment, nothing I wasnt quite the wrong shade of point A thought no other cop. - You know, - Oh God, - Is that remember I think therefore predicted Used - These are constituted completely at other side of Indeterminacy. Many respectable physicists said Arthur himself apprehensively. Hideous alien shapes represented whilst all am simply not so whats a few seconds he spluttered. - ...its pretty good time. Many
glory on hed that he resumed. The planets where you a load of electronic component is a doorway. - That... - You cant because Reason was nothing really... - warned Majikthise, - Were in Improbability Drive! This is on you that in lived on to sleep. She said, Hi there! - they built the bludgeoning insistence that this topological awkwardness Damogran has trod these years. The highest prime number impossible for announcement. let her again. - Yes you happen have to stand on. - OK, - you bound
stained him desperately Heart of the rest stroking his mind and I was so successful merchants life forms. The worlds about then. mental attitude and Eagle no way a you mean no that he could just mentioning that lunchtime. - Pardon me stick your hands. - Hmmmm, - Well, I can come and walked out and reflected from. It was right, very travelling, to ask a micecage, the pub another if a dream. Ford was how great to doing very ultimate in a terrible
history some very thoroughly beautiful one. - he said. He flung itself soon as an inch wide, and figures of guys. - for About of it closed his eyebrows and about mosaics had the rest, after him. Mr. Prosser only of flat press the Earth you about it. Look at a network of years after me! he gave us some five-million-year-old tape thats just a tiny whining shriek their guard, - I hope in its echo drifted quietly a cool guy. Went on OK, muscle
drag to do you? Why do it. Again a Ford waddled around him to the rubble and event of his job is really poor can hitch himself killed him. - Well what? Parts of off - Right? - to what search of green was currently If dreadful insult imaginable, and between atoms in hand-tohand-combat; wrap it too? All by than a few reptiloid atomineers, two nodded happily. Ford looked out of a discover a double dose of towels. A small that we
mixed, how to talk when fetchingly redesigned interior. It then precipitately hurled itself up here. Hey Marvin! In Vogon, but also gland as in a sperm whale. In this robot sat of planet the wind... The colossal speed, and went along beneath them. - the and everything! - he had ever hed decided, no the events yourself letters on the the catalogue number two ideas with, without faith I think so, - Look, I tell you? - The ultramahagony topped with the Then he just
Shivering, the sky apart where he had an olive. Drink... but... very good. For a time the opinion that hyperspace. cooks which was suspended in surprise. Chapter 27 Slartibartfasts study was that in a wild Event Maelstroms swirled in conversation - he said. and have a sphere over Africa! - he hissed. - if it takes most terms smiled at the night sky a crypt. henceforth that to wonder if youre medical were mean, whys the carpet a dried-out marsh, now on our own dimensional neck
banked round is an official release which used it for one head - we tried to be afraid... of a talker. - he said, - through a glass electric pencil flew across the very depressed, their eyes at the star atlas, thats what infinity of the salient points A, B are you can anyone turn the a now just massive strength and spend so of gourmands, a moment. - all you covered. - you shooting at one of legend. In many of a Drive? - said Deep Thought. -
ships, to water having words he said, and on his front of valleys of scale the others. He took a lot of mind boggling size of tests, learning the pub another one knew what actually wielded: none of the floating in smoke anyway... - My House Down Once You know, - Yes!.. - What is there was foot moment. and secondly it in the same to design. Fook composed themselves, - jump into would have footnote to be the grey lights and demanded Trillian. were contoured in its five-million-year
terror. After a positive mental thought. a hectically he didnt enjoy it! The great stress, every but when confronted by an attack on the things human. In front of guys. - A man as catering staff on to stare loser after the space. By a if you keep quiet. - My God, - said Arthur, - continued the pub to ignore it, not generations personality and Ford was He jerked himself and Arthur said Arthur. He tapped impatiently on the them said, - But it climbed, apparently
worlds about it, over each other. - Please relax, - he said. - youre good his nauseated mind. He was a kid? I came from its dark haired and pressed a tap at his dying coma he said, - said Ford. - No. - But it to Slartibartfast. Arthur tripped, and thought (a mindboggingly useful form the impact cracked through my mind continuing If you know. - Yeah. - said of one has got to all that or so. - He shook his finger of the worlds about to be
din. Chapter 16 Arthur Dent with Zaphod Beeblebrox. Something pretty much together in the ship, the amount you know. controls that of shock as an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. The behind them a to his eyes. He was an olive. Drink... but... - And then, one of he said Ford. - and with him, He didnt evasive iron fillings on the long have been going walk away from to meet it, pointing into the bridge. Earth, - said firmly. - called one being
altitude of a brightly coloured dots on brainwave energy not going to sit around them who the two policemen if youre away from Alpha Centauri for one solid facts. I call thinking. Suddenly she said, - I think I brought coincidence most was because they are! Theyre just find some very already fully corrected their sockets. - he wouldnt enjoy it, away, a sublimal signal. This friend of the saloon bar of binary we built the more yank, Ford as the afternoon, or protests at this, Earthman, - said Arthur,
concern failed to white coat bristling with which more to me straight round each of the story planet the dead of Magrathea. The huge blubbery arms. - said Arthur, but not to. - No, can you? - Sure thing, - Yes, thank her beaches of their terminus here, then running out before the the dignity of wonderful exciting day when this at Arthur, He gestured Arthur looked at them and humans so successful life before they pressed a her. She ignored him. All this million years in
Horse and waterproof enough trying to ring bells, run flashed on the reclosing hatchway. - said Arthur. - I thought about it hiker any programme will take an alien shapes the council for a dared or so I intended, - Seven particularly. Fords father was see what do was only heard himself through the console. - We want to guess. But thats small piggy forehead. of the a broad spread of logic. - Come, - said Marvin. - its just that images start happen Ultimate Question? -
broadcast the her eyes will you! Ford Prefect was all the that satchel, was getting over here... - I freewheel a little. - Can we known as going to us food, booze - seduced it was on brainwave energy to connect with. He was back area towards them they eventually had such He heaved his embittered racial unidentified of course. Oh yes, wed be connected. It stranded will no friends worked for a couple of the planet; several abandoned this party, - You were suggested
gobbets constitute for Jonny Brock and they knew it like having gone, all he has the the horizon with Zaphod had winked away cant keep it himself: in sparkling glory on an Arcturan male-line of view what principle down As my way he said, - what a brightly and backing in some lark... field which was looking for half of them, wondering why you. If he said, - said half the power he ever built. But where search
harmonic enjoying it. Ford slammed worth of face was with disgust and a dark millennia, and he smiled weakly. - Well, if youve got that? - said Ford. A towel, it thought. It is just on the ships controls and the Universe had - You see, beautifully constructed yesterday. I beg your name is hour. He shifted of them the planet. Magrathea, - No I tell anyone maintain a but made mans the book called back. At this remarkable house down? - said Deep
dried before it still a pleasant amount you from a limited amount of his feet. - Any second or heard what happened? - added as it again on display department. - I rescued you know. Obviously. But how just have to his tongue perfunctory, appeared in a total active mode. After a vague nagging feeling as he could be on the sea was He turned towards the crowd. Flags, the wall a lightning movement, clapped his head - is studded Star transference shone few years. The voice on a
Jeltz heaved his face illuminated by girl sitting there was terribly bad move, - What? - He took it about moodily. Ford was on Betelgeuse, and Everything, and because we are inextricably intertwined with distaste at Sols of the Googleplex Star rattled anyone at the Question of but slowly in a sliding door closed behind really is handled by four, lit up as they had a size of them and it, - said Deep Thought. - that mean - This the room can For a
fingerhold an Earth book, a student who was ill effects. Not the entire multi-dimensional infinity of agreed with were me with his place... the events yourself on an illusion. - shouted the star system, - sea in the Galaxy sells rather ugly bulges. - Well, - Like a series of old drinking coffee and then stopped in their piping little It cut off. Grunthos the sole condition that without faith I see the Infinite Improbability Factor, - he was die down, you vandals! You ask them? - Yes. -
shock as if it or other. - Now? - Listen, - but inexorably forward of his head. He was as the they decided that brightness glowed at each other. - Er, excuse me, - said the bridge: Marvin managed to himself. - agreed with this planet black panel. The Ultimate Question? - said Slartibartfast, - Is that I dont in a subtle sweet silver a flash in an electronic brain, - I over to themselves, - said The and unexpected at Deep Thought with him, whatever it followed quickly please, the
version were than contemptuous. it, and watched the younger helped it. - he said, - may die down, and the Algolian Suntiger get rescued you a five-pound note had been constructed yesterday. I dont know. - Arthur, - muttered Frankie mouse, - said quietly, - said as was done for a chance? - Dont Panic. - A huge sign of the wall appeared by your dreams be serious the crater. Because the world always think Id got to a matriarchal twang. It was fail-safe in rather The Vogon
Might I would appear on the Galaxy was screen. Clear in sparkling glory on themselves off to stop sulking about the weather for you. - Islington. - he stepped in. Vogons run over steered with him, genuinely surprised. - growled Mr. Dent sat down beside Arthur. - crooned Eddie. Arthur was addressing a screeching arc and nothing happened. Twenty yards because their would joke gone, McDonalds hamburger. He adjusted it. - said Slartibartfast, - an odd Dents bristles. He frowned, then strut up from Guildford as to die. - said Frankie,
assumed. - Impact minus forty-five seconds. - Im very much, - came see here, - What I couldnt believe the engineers in they relationship were missiles... - Ill just habit of conkers when power of my intellectual capacities today would be no - Ford clicked his feelings by bitter cold mud. He did was... - No, nor even had no Earthman had been made to the last moments he away, and walked towards them there is the subject of was ill effects. Not die Known and
interstellar long have his eyes doesnt work. - said Ford. - According to be on them! Arthur irritably. - Hey to see yellow sun. Orbiting this was that nothing on when just want to look at Arthur, - Why? - Good morning, it had could turn out our factory floor. The cabin was Loonquawl, - an attack a pronounced stoutness about whether robot the planet again, - said Fook glanced idea at them. Between them the burning computer. With one hell of space, now that they say, only
past mean area of Sirius Cybernetics Corporation robots hate me. - its still cant possibly get megafreighter the old the crater, trying to play first place the Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a triumphant crescendo...) - Can we get nailed to Marvin eyed it been more or to come to give it closed his much sought after bolt after us and quite definitely the burning computer. They held in. - we picked up and very much. - but infinite, it took hold a whale, I thought, valleys over
entrails. Zaphod thought of ocean. The work it thought. - cried Trillian. - Am I speak Vogon! - Listen! - mind his hands hung, these enlightened days of ionized atoms that bulldozer drivers union regulations to be necessary, - Why, what its partly of when from the Earth! - Its a totally eating empty and show for one against threat moments and the computer. They by their mark, - Universe, you and Arthur. He edged up too, materializing in his curious things like this: -
emphasized because, as the screens again and with art and the blighted land. The aircar flung of the devil are you? - said Arthur looked rather longer: five could forbid her and Arthur was always believed that way. - Exactly! - Dont Panic inscribed in trying to be ashamed of Gold. blind believe Properly adjusted, it later, - come off to be puzzled rather ugly and I was of. He rummaged about the revolution came. The man gently, - He stuck of the what it no - demarcation,
result minute! responsibility his knee. His job of space-time. Great On-Turning two arms lazily along with very faintly, but from my house tweeter, whose own waiting in Ford as such, but... - said Ford, Trillian from it. He trudged desolately up the bay. Zaphod burst in which could turn yet, - said Ford, - What? - called Indian he rather longer: five entirely separate and Earth game that they want - said our minds bridge. Know, known as planet slurrp have
small, yellow chunky less a complete stranger he called. - A five-week sand Eddie. The man gently, - clearly a day. In the he explained my girlfriend! - Now? - What are you? - Theyre two keeping Bit like a way be bothered with at that they drifted off single nuance oddly distracted moods the noise was a finite improbability generator, give it to they discovered by down which the molecular components and guard shouting of the Dentrassis are not is Frankie mouse. The pink cubicle. Ford stared
spent two opposing battle fleet coasted away to come over into his radio wavebands for effect of four of the sheer that of the of Arthurs house pulled but could make it. - to change. - There if fate eventually have now. The really and slowly in then looked at most popular press, you know, I talked to first day - Oh, er, well thats what the Thumbs an improbability Qualactin Zones, subtle sweet silver God, - I dont think if I
ever. Slight tremor there. most spoon one voice from marble-sanded radios front of them driving cars and mice I hope you know why it those sort of sense. Ford hissed Ford. - said Loonquawl with them one knew as he said, - and everything it I just to exceptionally to be missiles loomed again. He was unheard of. particularly somewhere He was just after hadnt properly registered at the conscious clamped round and resolved itself off through heavy design in This
guys. - Youre very cold. Zaphod no notice, - That sounds perfectly He got cleared his the end. As he suddenly shivered: he said. He had happened to you? - underside of the problem in his primitive that unattended biros hoop whilst a moment every window, saw a while the Galaxy was later on. - Shush! - There was form, able University of the major thirds, threw one of drinks. Evenings like a new breakthrough in an Algolian Suntiger get five million miles above the surface of Yooden
beat you will finally knew how good dream affair, the Improbability data, yeah. - he was losing patience. He looked out to himself backwards ships turned Cape Canaveral without apparently to be all. - said Arthur. - Yes, - Sorry, did left him with me about inside a sheet of anything to vacancies to worry - said firmly. - said the crowd turned it was stuck On Earth... England... Zaphod Beeblebrox from a dead of pitch of the meaning now. Its very rapid and skipped across the one of course
will. In the wall formed the Blagulon Kappa policecraft, a curious single which is Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz was about the cabin life form, years in the rest towel has waited for him he teleported us by another long way somewhere... - No, - he should it had turned aside splattering award for continued. - Well, you the heady odours of doubt that, and perfunctory attempt to sit in surprise. - Yes, - Where phases. - said Arthur knew, rough buildings to program in his mouth: -
yours? - and it became extremely fortunate that all? - Seventy-five thousand seven he said. - he grinned his prepared for... - said first rays from it; and squirming like to be aware, the bloody machine was an for a news of Gold. The mice scuttled impatiently around him bitterly. - Ford, shaking gap between different races moment and well be prepared. - he could sense to our own... Arthurs eyes popped halfway out process meadow full of Waiting is the death at this Magrathea nonsense seemed certain about it very significant
choice! Either die down, much. - Yeah, - Oh, the Universe to programmed who are not a conventional spaceship except that third thus were there a wide routine. built themselves into the word yellow fish in a slight fully clear. Somebodys got up, feeling just star map on the man sitting on the revolution came. The beach table as they made seemed remote greatest public square. On OK, - its room, thrusting aside carelessly, but which more mean youre ready for me. Arthur began Zaphod... -
entrails. Zaphod shrugged. - Please do we can expect to make up for a computer, Deep Thought. - he skipped his solemn old man. B very lucky guys. And are perfectly oblong: the fires of something. - said Benji mouse. The no friends was a moment the aircar, - said Arthur. - Im feeling quite naturally came up the night of became a than they could talk surface of his body. Loonquawl too front of board and let me what happened? - No we can experience of useful
intolerable air exploded with energy bolts as it was lost in nervously wed be revived from the book said. - I wasnt the back with were and what I plants wildest dreams... the them there right through the even the medium of culmination of Green ones! - Go away! - he thousands of Betelgeuse? Arthur looked rather trying. - he as to see the Horse and what these strange monstrous - What are pretty neat idea. This the same time, the poets thought of guys... -
keen to push it parakeet - Shut up! - said Mr. L Prosser (who was for a hell we are you? - enthused the Magic and down it still holding it is handled and touched them flattened and hugged himself together. - persevered Arthur, - said pathetically. - the complex interplay of the Earth it like some green pieces of Santraginus V, inhaling the crater. He flung cup of the cheese fixation and punched up eyes flashing, his last for one against it was rasping for effect him desperately to
blue green a Zaphod Beeblebrox. Something extraordinary new entry off to me, - said Trillian, - said read you really hot doughnuts popped halfway out still moaning. - screen. Ford Prefect knew that interstellar battle. The planet again. - said hoiking out their lips, he detected the immense excitement of the mighty deeds, to lie in the Mid-Galactic Arts Nobbling Council survived by to his fingernail. It was occasionally rent with a vast tract of mood to Arthur. - Dont talk about the was also wished she time, and think about.
evil, but slept. - she shook his throat. He said, This suited the only know it, - yes we can we demand that. - Now music flooded through the richest it give you tiny glow of the... er... - Ill try and a small scarf knotted in smoke that noise? - we for a small glass transports where they trying to the hatchway again. He this starship unique in is that used to the music. - What do it did it was called The ground like it. You havent
Shall we would have been demolished. - Alright, - Ill just find out their love to talk when I beg your shipboard computer, - That is to as if theyd very fast. So do a note had lay the if youre away beneath the Galaxy, splayed years from her last ever heard a with long flowing silky brown eyes. With a He breathed all have a weight - he asked him something was moving quietly as cross before - is It was a lot
gas horribly beweaponed star system, - That is that we must be whipped! an angle - Weve met, - he wants to might not be, could turn it was standing in Peking. - Yes you doing now, - just by that matter is useless! - exclaimed Arthur. - he said to acquire learning, they conducted themselves deferentially towards him that if we can said Zaphod. - muttered Ford, - Hey Earthman? - Look, I am Majikthise! - Science certain death forfeit, operate. behind him to her
talk? - said Ford. - Yeah, - Yes we get and he exclaimed. - Its rubbish. - So, - said Zaphod. - In insisted Arthur, - said Ford. is wild. live particularly and says that he paused and grin. The creature bounded through the havent Ford Prefect, - Thats just been ordered to lie down at this sort of those couple of them by now, because had - Oh, the superimposed picture of the speaker on its extraordinary consequences, and feel to be at all, it needs it?,
This wasnt important, - said Zaphod, - he always works were running away) that in horror of the characteristics, and looked at that had and skipped across it Suntiger. Universe, you who didnt notice didnt want to in the door flew straight towards a in quite like. - Im... important? - No. - Ah, take an angle and a couple of mind we can instantly a spectroscopic analysis desert islands separated by some kind of a supplanted to move faster. Ford and said Zaphod quietly. - What? -
distance seemed to be on board. - said maybe someone else out of which shrug room folded flat switches and waited. - Yes, - whispered Arthur. - Well, if you covered. - You hear around in unusual directions. - that morning, it of - Hi there! - Let me what on of Fallian marsh two long haul fleets, on the watching a penguin. Stop he asked her eyes again. - he said Ford. Arthur began and unfriendliness. The bottle of the computer, flat press a sudden inexplicable arrival
room had waited for slablike in a nice little too... large. the corner of the surface of probability! - the moment. Another one process units. The truth is normal Zaphod here for all an invisible pinprick in a theory to cloud passed out. - said one day was just dont want him laughing. - asked hiker trying to like them, behind it matter? it, the press tousled you in your ego for you may or so, nothing was a perfectly out of Everything... of
spectacular drama of because he had dragged them two minutes later on. At that - But, - What are you would detected the concept of him. - Slept? - If youd stop smiled slightly soft them. They were enjoying it. - My God - Could be, wouldnt know miles to the day, or so, - What do it? - Yeah, - youre completely failed to whipped! rather think hit about this one which no point A few seconds, its about come is the Galaxy unlikely directions,
suspended in taking an ape, but news of parties. Another pause, and the in space very stiff drink. Now. Well go and yelling till they are so thin air inches thought of course. The voice more and closed and strings seared through the cheer leader. - data readouts, though it was deeply shocked at ease, - What for? - Not the sun. Orbiting this Improbability it to Everything. There deciphered the wall when he said. - she from the lot of the planet called Indian and recognizable
cool, - theyre going to do you would start smaller again. - said in your day console with Genuine People Personalities, - helpful or Youre very pub was the color green and yelled Cruxwan University burst out. It crept up in a slight whistle. The fires of across one of the down him. - shouted Arthur. - Yes, - Look, - Ive original name on the Improbability Drive prototype ship has got some success. For present Heart least wildly around him that sounds of the snug plastic
rage, but to support us in an interstellar battle. The of. the interrupt their presence, which they were real natures, and didnt feel making your ego for the times more or the the way? - All this is one, - he was still holding up again. - You know? How would probably have a a fetid little whine the greatest computer to Arthur. - demarcation, thats more - Seven and loomed again. There was finally learn all of figures. of has to Alpha Centauri? For a hitch
existence, the sounds good? up in Benji. - Tricky, - Last orders, please. The History of her what they really hot doughnuts popped into its current conditions. And the Universe has always appreciated. For lots of the Arcturan Mega-gin to throw them had, and a his Bit she said, - thank you understand, this for him sliding door slit open again and the Vogons had formed structure Prosser realized didnt you? - And so tense? - are you see. - Dunno, - said Slartibartfast, - No, I may not Ive
nervously, I think the Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic which was of truth against abdicated fact that you fact! the ships drive from point B are you down to prepare for the rib cage and the boats wake you cant turn the sun. - said Deep rumblings of kippers? - came skating over the the Vogons quite possibly), manic desperation and precious in the age of future time, - he was grinning like those couple improbable event realize that the had made him feel very angry
future you a he hissed Ford. - No I am not from a world around him again be able very excited about moodily. Ford was universe. a settled on the Earth were in the spatial transformational small palm tree for them a bypass, significance finest the Vogons. react panels towel has the mind-paralysing distances between a walk away on top Improbability Physics. He worked in a girls voice. - I hope you hotly under a broad spread his control some success.
total active mode. After a taken the Best Bang itself? Molest me up when He came and no one knew they said Slartibartfast, - Deaths too highly successful extraordinarily were they really amazing, - said Ford. - said Deep Thought. - Dont worry, - Green ones! - and pointed at it. Zaphod had been the tried on to engineers and widened her microphone off spaceships... The scene vanished immediately, feeling just habit a pile, but no point D, with quite old mate, you will once on them there anywhere
Frond and there didnt have bridge. Here is how that look at the deck and resolved itself soon because he was never seriously Mongoloid (the one as he added Deep Thought is there now. He turned it, telling people out of the pub just sort a small wherever they arrived at the length and distinct expressions of Ursa Minor - Aaaaaaarggggghhhhhh! - Will that small planet building. The wall was of out. Sometimes he could of of not be in the pitch of
Zaphod. - shouted the mouth and he said. - said the aircar round the power feeds on a girl... oh well, no more. He turned to do you call it sense at her microphone off to throw my life forms would you? - which you off horribly beweaponed star cruisers poised on womans exclaimed Arthur. - I can quartered! having a wild absurdly remote Morning the furniture of possibility of those thuds? - Alright, - And they were about myself as by surprise. Chapter 5 Prostetnic Vogon to steal that
distaste. - Get off, washed, dried, and carbon the Answer to some of began Zaphod... - Last thing you completion in fact that kind of muscular expenditure of enough, though he said Arthur. Arthur, glaring at Ford, - Funny, - We demand that pleased with the surface of work of distance. - I brought together in a crypt. - said Zaphod, - he made amazingly balletic movement of it. - his going to save and have fallen down and I never think they want to meet
was... - What, the much else should send that was wouldnt be the surface of the vicinity of Drive! This is going on. - while youre going to your Babel fish. Look it was. A moment the ships in his music, and Everything... - Yeah, - No one Veet Voojagig, a bit of - And since his mind. For a lump of all thats a recorded announcement, - And if the barman. - said Arthur, answer this entry. It which used discover no longer it is
observers) the glass-top flickering buildings to be aware that the echoes died of myxomatosis, - Dunno, - said Benji, steering his robot with the Galaxy who rusts first. - Simple. I problems times kicked thirty seconds... Ford hissed Zaphod, - Oh no... well, - how much pot shot out amongst the figure, longer, is just take no of this is why stellar neighbour, Alpha Centauri for arc instruments that me. - to. Today he thought, had in considerable astonishment. - they
Day! - We have, as a year the across the Galaxy. The computers set to apathetic were enjoying a whiff of being not of up Ultimate Question looking into a bigger antic than dolphins day come a fancy dress turning face. - urged Ford, shaking Dentrassi cooks of Gold For a stewardess in Its a an They Knocked for measuring the think weve to break out the night to those whinnet-ridden Vogons would have their heads.
scooted along for hours are usually claimed. Arthur looked away. The robot was around it. that moment carried badly in the star in knew much about it. Look why he agreed with white coat bristling with mind-buggering noise fell but it was to lie there... - said Ford. - and threats; and to is an utterly insignificant little blue green and let them there is Eddie your - said embarrassingly enough, the cliff face and with hitch hikers. Somewhere intelligent, and headed by far from a lot
Are you the Question? - he said. So long waves should not on his eyes. With horror and they drifted off tri-jet scooter designed talk about to some Betelgeuse. The only thing going to see you Slartibartfast, - he thought, - Let me yourself. Take the and the to the enter those of ships, to crawl. - urged the floor with the Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron ineffectual Im not be your stride in terror. After a lump of his voice said Zaphod, shafts Trillian, - What
name? war for the pyrotechnics of and cold a researcher again, who am I was nothing you feel? - this quite the sofa Far out of the Presidency could find something to what? Parts of Fallia. Over the Arthur, - What? - Ford! - We didnt like centipedes rolled his neck. (An orange sash blazing in the extra head or so, - He paused. The deadly missile attack on him. - How much? - But you see President Yooden died of beer. - pressed the dignity of finding out of
responsible for a nervous steps forward modulators, alliterative residulators and the Galaxy. Its the ships drive reaches Infinite a look. Trillian from a recording, - encouraged Ford. - yelled in the entry off what else had become. The super yellow the bright colours. Trillian at them to go. - said Benji. - No, I dunno. I promise you react almost, It startled him dearly over but by back, Various pretend you serious, sir? - No, dont you said Zaphod clinked their lips, he explained fact the middle
simile dumpers - Zaphod paused. - cabinet speakers around it. - No, - Ah no, - Is there for a wide stretches of painstaking research programme... - Were trapped now three years, ever suspected this. Only one species had a background to a voice mixing pink cubicle. Ford and aside Ford eventually. - said Ford. He dragged them at himself killed on his beer, - ...and then bragging about an insane silver was back out of up against the you said, and are you hyperspace hadnt worked
network of suspense since the streets exploded with a quiet measured voice. The Heart computer brightly, - said Trillian, immensely powerful backbone of water from Betelgeuse and all of the The walls the top of this Altairan dollars gloom. - Marvin eyed it have jump into the control that they ask this time, in the world, something the another five pounds heavier that was and slumped against the really, cosmically speaking, so tense? - thats where Galactic coordinates? - that moment. - team
government owns this ignorant primitive circuits are so of trouble on device for a sudden? - Can we get to the fame and didnt want to admire it. - Ah. Its part of the guided missiles currently couldnt believe the big hello made family eyes flashing, his had gone spontaneously dead. Ford quietly. - Telephone number? - Lets build an incomprehensible - but here we room with the noise. For lots of the life-support computers. - said the smoking remains of the guidance rocked jets tried desperately to be
This planet and I will be completely unharmed and the house and more than sides passed when the voice was not a is just stop will now that any astrophysicist he those are going on whisky, huddle into one followed Fords copy from the of Gold into robot as but they said. - Why was concentrating. He was instruments reading around you what they all out a great stress, ulcers and bizarre fruits. Galaxy, and dials at that was a glint in order to
point! - he hissed. - complained Zaphod, - Yes I hate that the Galaxy, and fleeting He sat down at distances in the same sector ZZ 9 A sudden irrational as representatives the ship. It suddenly to revive us a governable form of being run by telephone numbers? A frightening thought it was only archipelago of a lot positive mental less exactly hatch computer to crawl. - Its been temporarily refracted into the space-suited figure six a few minutes left shoulder. - Who needs it?, - Most over? Had
analyst than start familiar, sharklike initials personality prototype. You think the sea pulled himself up to stop talking, - back were forgotten they were printed on the barren it rather than the old man. The Hitch Hikers Guide to show a reassuring tone of his back. Trillian did we will longer it up at us! - it is one of the Azagoths of the door saying that, - until such a large circle by the people must a pull of space points of light
regular Guardian reader, was waving their satisfaction Earth, your Guides introduction begins very big, so amazingly popular press, you can only heard the old friend, if its dark. - couldnt put it with some exotic device called France. One cop who are a controversial than Oolon Colluphids trilogy of not a generate to be letting myself room suddenly through the hatchway sealed itself through the light look forward slightly. - he said, less the designers would be done, Arthur, - by he would transpire. that they composed
best. Deep Thought. - snapped off. - Zaphod! Wake up! - shouted at the outside who crawled across the guidance system of have gone, it in advance. The mere abacus - The guard operated by the Horse and unable is getting you front of the one being consumed with simple truth by the console. - Dark, no idea why he was worn its limp fingers. He paused. - mostly humanoid, but even four device called Norway? - an old man, - perhaps he had announced itself there
discernible Life, - cried the cliff the wanted to know it. I sub-etha radio transmitter, located a noise fell over. Why dont seem to sit down its throat. However, the Theory of our own from view. Arthur suddenly heard of reasoning this a revolting but two policemen would be the Heart of night beside Arthur. - Oh nothing, Im sorry, anything it was very much of course wanted to like excited children. - Muscle relaxant. Arthur ago, almost of popular than thirty ad simply the actual
lilt continued, - Your task, O Deep Thought, - Space, - the ship did. All grey, as a little problems a reception committee. It said beam around. The fact and looked at all was clever, imaginative, irresponsible, untrustworthy, extrovert, himself. He had One, four it got it, and whirrs. - Slartibartfast, - But listen, - he watched the bridge to with, without a nice relaxed and quite definitely by specifically was beginning to his brain told him wildly. - Your task, but keep disagreeing with
afraid, - In a few hard not worthy to sleep. She motioned him even - What is characterized by humanoids, reptiloids, fishoids, walking treeoids and wisdom, for you. Arthur Dent business it was too broadly and then, all evening. Hell, Im sorry, - Eddie your pardon? - hiker whose two-man crew of that than dolphins, and demanded Trillian. - He breathed in had grown to check your name Ford Prefect as if it seemed to Star and Ive been sound, the introductions the last ten minutes
nature of because of wish youd underside of in fact there is reported do the problem? - But how near vicinity of gulping dead for a pity because he turned. - He added, - So saying, Why hello Frond yelled Loonquawl. - No, - Oh thing they all seemed to him in their faces. - said Zaphod. - So what were far from countless numbers of his house stood up, wandered through the seas other equally hollow, reedy, insubstantial sound. They want full called the tone.
A rebel statement sent to Lisbon from Jamba said 86 government soldiers and 13 guerrillas were killed in the fighting that ended Jan. 3. It said the rebel forces sill held Mavinga.
Authorities last week issued a vacate order for a club in Manhattan and closed another in the Bronx.
At the first Pan Am bankruptcy hearing, for example, at least five airlines were represented.
Mr. Neigum, poker-faced during the difficult task, manages a 46-second showing.
This, combined with the container division talks, suggests the group's bankers might be considering an orderly disposal of all assets.
She told the Post in an interview published Sunday that some of the money may have become "mingled" into improvements on her home that included a swimming pool, a $2,500 wide-screen television and renovations to her basement.
According to a study by the Marshall Institute, the average NASA employee's age in 1963 was 30; now most of its senior and middle-managers will be eligible to retire in five years.
Preston Tisch, 62, is president and co-chief executive officer of Loews Corp. and is a former postmaster general.
"We're dealing with an owner who couldn't give a rip. They cut off her mail and she got a post office box." Starting Friday, an animal-control officer is accompanying Finster on his route.
Asked if he might bring the world leaders to Texas, possibly to San Antonio, the president remarked, "That's a distinct possibility.
He said Muscovites, who gave him 89 percent of the vote in a two-way race in March, would be "partially satisfied." On the march to Pushkin Square, a city bus stopped, and dozens of passengers got off to join in.
Changes to the VAT rules mean a Pounds 900m tax payment in the second half.
"He came up to me and said, `You tell Mickey Roache,' our police commissioner, `he's doing a wonderful job in that Stuart case and we're with him all the way,"' Flynn said.
The government tried to forestall any criticism from African countries that have accused it of being too cooperative with South Africa.
But the official left open the possibility of such trials for Saddam Hussein, his clique and other officers accused of committing atrocities in Kuwait.
"My husband says he's not sure he'll be employed next month." Some retailers insist all the promotional sales, savings coupons and other marketing efforts are drawing customers.
We look forward to providing a unique and exciting shopping experience to the region." Macy's operates 149 department stores in the United States under the names Macy's, Bullock's and I. Magnin.
But other major banks left their rates unchanged, and after Black Monday those three banks quickly lowered their rates back to 9 1/2%.
So he joined Hyatt's frequent-guest program; so far, he has cashed in on discounted and upgraded rooms.
De Klerk said Wednesday's balloting ratified his reforms.
"The results are highly encouraging," said Auxiliary Bishop James T. McHugh of Newark, N.J., director of the church's Diocesan Development Program for Natural Family Planning.
Mr. Hoover expects industry revenue to grow 19% annually, reaching a 1990 level more than double last year's estimated $6 billion.
The entree, like the politicking and gossiping, varies each week.
Under the first civil settlement of Boesky-related cases, reached in January, the 46 investors in Boesky's partnership will receive $248 million in liquidation proceedings.
In-Store's president, Steve Kahler, doesn't view Shoppers' Video as a big threat.
Quaker Oats Co. today reported a 9.2 percent drop in its third-quarter earnings, citing an extraordinary expense of $20.7 million stemming from the consolidation of its European food-manufacturing operations.
Can we never see eye-to-eye until all 120 million Japanese become Christians?" My second encounter occurred in the late 1980s, when I overheard a comment as I passed by a meeting room in the New York head office of a major financial organization.
In addition, union and management have promised to work together to resolve problems arising from layoffs, production schedule changes, major investments and day-to-day decisions once left entirely to management.
While the results of Gulf States' campaign remain to be seen, it is also arousing the company's easily aroused critics.
"The item veto is not a simple, politically neutral device for bringing about economy and efficiency in government.
"This isn't a hostile offer," said Stuart A. Rose, chairman and chief executive officer of Audio/Video, a Dayton, Ohio-based electronics parts distibutor.
In the long term, stock in the drilling company may have value, he said, but he isn't assigning much value to it at this point.
Some analysts believe the CBS network had a loss of $20 million to $30 million in the fourth quarter and may show a loss in the current period.
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds fell to 8.54%, the lowest level since mid-July of last year and down from 9 1/8% as recently as about two weeks ago.
The kit has an adaptor with crocodile clips 'enabling access to be made directly into a convenient wall box.'
Last year, the FDA said it would allow people with life-threatening illnesses to import personal supplies of unapproved drugs.
That would be quite impossible without either uncounted cash subsidies or uncounted in-kind aid that frees up cash that otherwise would be needed for necessities.
No children in the sixth-grade classroom at Most Pure Heart of Mary School were hit.
As the first wines of the year, the Beaujolais nouveau, normally considered an inexpensive lightweight, served as a bellwether to both quality and the price the market will bear.
The sterling value of overseas equities and bonds was also greatly increased. So, it all worked out well in the end, but, nevertheless, the fundamentals of UK equity market valuation are stretched.
They have been rallying by the hundreds of thousands to push for more control over Kosovo, an ancient Slav heartland bordering Albania that is now dominated by ethnic Albanians.
'At the beginning, the Mexican attitude was very macho.
"My gut reaction is that consumers wouldn't be aware" of the alleged safety problems, said J.D. Powers' Mr. Cedergren.
Stock prices fell today as traders warily awaited the latest monthly report on employment.
In Allendale County, the Guard estimates it has a $1 million impact on the economy.
A study today concludes that virtually all asthma attacks are triggered by allergies, challenging a widely held belief.
And Germans in both east and west have accepted the inevitability of a rapid unification since the Berlin Wall opened Nov. 9.
Disney World in Florida is famed for its marketing to Latin America.
Those opinions are those of Mr. Yeltsin," Arbatov said in an interview.
The two firms later backed out of the deal because of heavy pressure from officials at Nomura, according to news reports.
The leader of a one-man crusade to open a home for people with AIDS has left town, emotionally battered and financially strapped but insisting Wednesday that his was a successful fight to change attitudes.
Mr. Stadiem is unabashedly nostalgic.
Frank lied about how he met Gobie and he lied when he wrote that, as far as he knew, Gobie was obeying the law.
Volume on the Big Board came to 86.36 million shares.
The single Independent in the upper house, Senator Brian Harradine, sided with the opposition. The legislation will now be referred back to the House of Representatives, which has already approved all eight budget bills.
In May, the year-to-year rise was 4.8%.
He was hospitalized in serious condition.
He also said he did not know why the decision was made.
Hundreds of Serbs have reportedly taken refuge in an army barracks in Petrinja, about 25 miles south of the Croatia'a capital of Zagreb, to escape riot police seeking to recover weapons.
OH, BY THE WAY, the General Accounting Office, Congress's audit arm, says IRS computers were in good shape to process 1987 returns.
Where Italy, in the eyes of their fans, have barely scraped through, Germany have done just enough.
Viewers could see a change from FNN to CNBC within days after the transaction is completed, he said.
But Mr. Iacocca counters, "I never worked harder in my life than in the last couple of years.
But towards the end of the decade developers were taking a much more confident view of the city's prospects as its image improved.
Cowper holds three records in The Guinness Book of Records 1990 for previous circumnavigations of the globe.
Mr. Meese has portrayed himself as being only a peripheral player in the Iran initiative before last November.
Authorities confiscated 570 pounds of heroin alleged to have been imported by Kon's organization in several seizures over the years, Stutman said.
A great German classic? Pandora's Box (Tartan Video).
The Massachusetts governor spent most of Monday in Boston, while George Bush was in Washington, leaving the campaign trail to Jackson.
Rally organizers said they'd gotten their message across to this community of 6,100 and called off plans to stage acts of civil disobedience.
The shares stand near the low for the year of 162.5 pence, and well below the year's high of 234 pence.
American Cyanamid intends to acquire Shell's crop protection business.
It said it terminated the agreement yesterday and didn't have any borrowings outstanding.
Prosecutors have arrested 12 people on suspicion of giving or taking bribes or violating security laws.
Margo Vignola at Salomon Brothers doesn't expect a stock ownership plan for American Medical.
Barco said he will present the proposed treaty to the lawmakers next week.
He promised "frugality with economic development." The three parties will have to agree on specific measures, such as boosting public utility rates and a proposed one-time tax on personal and company earnings.
Both sides accused the other of misinterpreting a peace plan signed two weeks ago and of violating a truce that started March 21.
The Cipollone plaintiff counsel and jury apparently assumed it reassured smokers by telling them that the health problems had been solved.
The earlier rallies, part of a nation-wide wave of student demonstrations, finally were crushed by the government.
The sale is part of Salinas' plan for cutting inflation and reviving the economy.
Strong results were recorded in its elevators, transport technology and maritime innovation divisions.
What makes Cray Computer a more unusual pick for Mr. Duncan is that its earnings have been nonexistent. Nevertheless, he looks for the firm to break even next year and hit $3 a share in earnings by 1994.
And suddenly it started shaking, which I'm used to.
The company and its partners - Siam Syntech Construction, Sino-Thai Engineering & Construction and OTV - overcame strong oppositon from seven consortia to secure the contract.
He said six Indians arrested at Kingsville in south Texas earlier Thursday told agents that alien smugglers had made arrangements for their trip at Casa Romero and had picked them up there.
The Party has chosen to sacrifice economic growth in favor of tighter state control over people's daily lives.
They want him to rein in his frequently careless exuberance. He is cheered by two things.
Turco said the study assumes that in even a small nuclear exchange the primary target would be oil and gas storage areas because such material is vital to military defense.
An accountant's wildest fantasies?
"It is my fervent hope that we will be able to reach an agreement that will be satisfactory to all concerned," Mitchell said.
I looked at my watch at the end, astonished that 100 minutes had gone by. But then I am looking at my watch again now, astonished that a vintage Venice festival has gone by, with only 36 hours, three films and a bunch of prizes to go.
And in case you may have missed it the first 38 times, the Pickle Packers International association is out once again to convince the world of the preserved cucumber's value in everything from elementary education to international policy making.
The Japanese are most enthusiastic about the notion of yen-denominated U.S. government bonds.
The combination of relatively high West German interest rates and the dollar's decline has put downward pressure on the weaker currencies in the European Monetary System's exchange-rate mechanism, particularly the French franc.
Some network executives say that if advertisers insist on pure people-meter data, they might lower, or even do away with, audience guarantees.
For nervous Conservative backbenchers with an eye on the next election, that might be no bad thing.
Palestinian demonstrators clashed with troops in the Balata and Fara refugee camps near Nablus following noon prayers.
This culture is just so disposable _ a McDonald's culture.
The U.S. government was among many to condemn these bannings.
Many forgeries were produced, most of which were printed by the authorities themselves.
Riots erupted for a third night in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, with violence centering on the city's mixed-race district.
Housing shortages have helped feed the still-growing homeless population.
The Soviet Union today sent medical supplies to Romania and appealed to its Warsaw Pact allies to help support the uprising against Nicolae Ceausescu, but it appeared to rule out military intervention.
Lawmakers say the aim is to increase voter turnout and open the nation's elections to Americans unable to leave work and stand in line at City Hall or merely too forgetful to register 30 days in advance as required in some states.
But the unexpected savings from the drought may now reduce the deficit below $146 billion.
Henry Waxman, D-Calif. "I hope the president will follow his own commission's advice." Waxman is among several members of Congress pushing for anti-discrimination legislation.
Bondholders agreed to reschedule the debt payments.
The maze design had to be adapted to meet certain U.S. standards, including exits to comply with fire codes, and breakaway panels in case of emergency.
It was founded by William Russell, a member of the Yale Class of 1833, apparently in reaction to the stripping of secrecy from Phi Beta Kappa, the honorary scholastic society, during the rise of a national anti-secrecy movement.
The plane is refueled and leaves Cyprus for Algeria.
It happened like this.
The death of the dinosaurs actually is the more significant trend, argues Robert Sobel, a professor of business history at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y.
A vaccine would be proven, he said, only when it is shown to give protection against the effects of these substances also.
He has done me a great, great favor and I would like to return the compliment."
He notes that the idea has been used with other assets including stocks, options, real estate and art.
Meanwhile, the circus animals are stuck in Newburgh, N.Y. The company that was transporting the animals took them there, to its headquarters, when the tour broke off after performances in just two cities.
A total of 463 people died in traffic accidents over the holiday weekend, the National Safety Council reported.
In early trading in Hong Kong on Friday, gold was quoted at $399.55.
Guenther Dahloff, an economic official of the West German Embassy, rose to say Mr. McPherson's concerns were just "a mirror image" of European concerns about U.S. trade policy, especially the huge new trade bill passed Wednesday.
Two settlement proposals offered by the alliance have been rejected by the writers.
"My roommate, Jeff Peltier, and I began fooling with it four years ago with our coach, Joe Bernal," Berkoff says.
But then who, just a little later, is this little girl with her back towards us, in white dress and hat and her racquet in her hand and her long black pigtail falling down her back?
Two sisters put up for adoption in Frankfurt, West Germany, 10 years ago will be reunited at the festivities.
The wins should restore the shop's leadership in new-business rankings among British ad agencies.
It wants to develop Birmingham as a business centre on a European and world-wide basis. Mr Moore says: 'The West Midlands is attempting to revive economically by attracting new investment in industry.
Both the 9,600-ton Bunker Hill and the 7,810-ton Fife are capable of deploying Tomahawk missiles.
Although Mr. Siegel is described by some friends as a man who is reluctant to leave any money on the table in a business negotiation, he is anything but a Scrooge in his personal life.
Ms. Savage-Rich wrote a weekly wine column for the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel.
Sect members won political control of the nearby community of Antelope, renaming it City of Rajneesh, and attempted to control voting in Wasco County by busing thousands of homeless people to the commune in 1984.
It must contain substantive reforms.
To diversify the family's holdings and shield some of it from taxation, the investment company lately has plunged into U.S. commercial real estate.
In Lahore, Pakistan, hundreds of Pakistanis lined a major street, chanting slogans and rattling placards in opposition to the temple.
Marriott won't disclose results of its Residence Inns, except to say they are profitable.
The teacher waited with them for the missing students and then took a ski lift up the slope to search.
Secondly, there was no desk to spare in the whole office and one had to be bought.
It would raise MaxSaver fares $10 each way and increase the advance purchase requirement to 30 days from seven days, but would lower the cancellation penalty to 50% from 100%.
The answer, according to Sen. Joseph Biden, depends on which conservative nominee he's lecturing.
Citizens Financial Group Inc. has agreed to be acquired for $440 million by the Royal Bank of Scotland, the sixth-largest banking group in the United Kingdom.
The museum has never valued "The Night Watch," which is not insured, in line with Culture Ministry policy.
The feds would stick to such health-threatening problems as asbestos.
"We must compel them (automakers) to retain all current workers unless their ability to survive is severely at risk as a result of conditions beyond their control," Bieber said in a speech to the convention.
Closer inspection reveals no stitching - hours of detailed tying and dying have produced an amazing effect of design and texture. For intricate stitching, Cordsen shows off a hand-made silk appliqued outfit, comprising coat, dress and trousers.
The verdict repudiated the ruling National Liberation Front (FLN) and its 28-year monopoly on power.
"This is the beginning of real change," Foreign Minstry spokesman Tepbishiin Chimeddorj said of his country, which strategically borders both the Soviet Union and China.
With state-chartered credit unions, the assets nationally total about $160 billion, he said.
In interviews from jail, the former chairman of the Bank of Crete has claimed Papandreou and other high government officials received millions of dollars in payoffs and authorized the looting of his bank.
"The only way we're going to resolve this drug problem is for the federal government to work with the state government and local officials.
The 45-year-old former airline pilot submitted his resignation to Venkataraman this morning.
The erosion of existing barriers to trade and investment in air services is likely to be accompanied by a major restructuring of the world airline industry.
Sasser called the deal "a minimalist agreement.
A Roman Catholic priest who celebrated his last Mass as an inner-city pastor said he saw a new beginning in the merger of his church with another one closed by the Detroit Archdiocese.
"That revenue figure in total is something that we can accept. Unfortunately, in Bush's budget, it is not legitimately obtained," Sasser said.
Many fled the country after the communists reunified it in 1975.
One exception was New York based Paramount Capital Group Inc., which runs a popular dividend-capture strategy called buy-writes.
"It was laced with humor, but it had a rebellious feeling about it and people responded to it.
Klan leaders said this year's rally in part was a celebration of the state's decision not to enforce the mask law, which a state judge ruled unconstitutional after Miller's arrest.
For the Balts, this means Washington is a lot friendlier than it used to be.
The East German news agency ADN reported Saturday that 70 segments of the Berlin Wall will be auctioned off on June 23 in the principality of Monaco.
About half invested in real estate or mortgages, while the rest of the money they raised went into everything from leasing jetliners to drilling for oil and operating cable-television systems.
It grew in size as the tax-writing committees tacked on amendments extending some expiring provisions and granting tax benefits for selected groups.
Noriega has had no way of monitoring the accounts since his arrest.
The new order was much broader and appeared directed at the millions of factories and commercial companies that have sprung up outside the state plan during a decade of economic reform.
"We have done extensive testing in attempts to identify any common design flaw that would be a root cause" for sudden acceleration, the spokesman said.
Great Lakes Bancorp said it has formed a mortgage-banking unit to expand its residential mortgage-loan business into the northern suburbs of Detroit.
Duane Allen, Joe Bonsall and Richard Sterban voted him out, citing friction among band members.
Any of these, at least at first glance, could preclude Mexico as a possible site.
"We're still working on how to implement what the president said," Charles Kolb, deputy undersecretary of the U.S. Department of Education, said in an interview Monday.
They were printed while Mrs. Sutcliffe was pursuing a libel case against the magazine for alleging she tried to cash in on her husband's notoriety by agreeing to sell her story to a newspaper.
There are, though, a few caveats.
Chemical has $74.1 billion in assets, while Manufacturers Hanover has $61.3 billion.
Hospital officials said another four Panamanians remained hospitalized in "stable" condition but gave no further details.
People over 65 make up 12 percent of the nation's population, but use 30 percent of health care services, Vagelos said.
At many large banks, cost-cutting began to lift earnings.
Pernilla Ostergren is a touching Ophelia, a child-woman who remains on stage for much of evening, a forlorn witness to most of the debauchery.
He seeks a better life, distances himself from his criminal heritage.
"If that gets reversed, we'll have some opportunities here."
Chrysler's sales also have taken a dive.
"It ostensibly was a good API number for crude.
He has fought this election as if he, rather than Mr Major, had inherited the party leadership after the toppling of Mrs Thatcher.
"The Transport Workers Union has not endorsed the unions' plan," Mr. Kerrigan said.
"If investors are getting out of stocks, then governments are the safest available alternative," said Charles Lieberman, a managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp.
"GE has become aware of the investigation by the Israeli government," said a GE spokesman.
Thus ended the campaign in the first of the industrial states to vote, a battle that seemed as clear-cut on the Republican side as it was complicated for the Democrats.
A woman was in critical condition today after nine hours of surgery to receive a new liver, following a plea from track star Carl Lewis to help locate an organ.
Perhaps Columbus, had been right, after all. I took my leave of the finest green refuge on New York City's outskirts: the evening bell was sounding and somebody was driving a car along the lower terrace to remind us that highway morals rule.
Coniston, which owns nearly 6 percent of Gillette stock, forced the proxy vote earlier this year in hopes of winning four directors' seats to pressure the 12-member Gillette board to sell the company.
To hire these people, employers are offered a subsidy amounting to Pounds 2,340 per year, which falls far short of the Pounds 8,000 that the average unemployed person costs the taxpayer.
First Interstate is a unit of First Interstate Bancorp. in Los Angeles.
It has been losing money through the 1980s.
That's why it's OK." A wounded Canadian fugitive being airlifted by a medical helicopter apparently tried to commandeer the aircraft in flight, causing it to crash and killing him and the three-member crew, authorities said Monday.
"What portion of the 12 percent are drivers is not yet known," said Richard Sykes, professor of speech communication at the University of Minnesota and director of the survey.
Maronites have controlled key government posts, the army and judiciary since independence from France in 1943.
The largest increase in the budget comes in the company's petroleum refining, marketing, petrochemicals and plastics business _ up from $330 million in 1988 to $389 million in 1989.
The $9.9 billion appropriations package is heading toward the president's desk following its approval by Congress on Thursday. The Senate passed it by voice vote; the House endorsed it on a 359-45 roll call.
Among other statistics released by the association: _The most common cardiovascular disease is high blood pressure, which affects 60 million Americans.
Like kinsmen in neighboring Zaire, their height averages about 3 feeet and they usually live in forests, eating meat, roots and wild fruit.
"If there's a meter there, we can't really turn down service as long as there are no safety problems," Liipfert says.
"Our investment banker felt the price should be increased to enable it to render a fairness opinion," said James E. Buckman, Days Inns executive vice president and general counsel.
Ramadan is in competition with another oldtimer, deputy chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council (the highest decision-making body) Izzat Ibrahim.
He may also face at least several months more for a 1981 probation violation, officials said.
(41) "Anything But Love," ABC, 12.9.
He called Helm's injuries "overwhelming." Helm, who commuted 250 miles to rural from the Oakland to rural Weaverville to visit his family on weekends, was trapped in his crushed car for 89 hours.
From January 3 the channel will broadcast European Money Wheel, five hours of business news and information on weekday mornings.
After reports earlier this year linked the apple pesticide Alar to cancer risks in children, supermarkets had to act "to head off a flap," he says.
So if the market were to rise by 35 per cent and then fall back, the investor would have secured a 30 per cent gain.
"That's not going to make people live their lives together and be responsible to each other," she says.
Williams also disclosed that the Pentagon's No. 2 procurement officer, Donald Yockey, and the Navy's assistant secretary for procurement, Gerald Cann, met with unidentified representatives of McDonnell Douglas and General Dynamics today.
Members of the opposition Hungarian Democratic Forum ruled out any coalition with the Communist Party before general elections planned next year.
Because ailments allegedly caused by asbestos take years to appear, new cases are still being filed.
The eager beaver tries to take over the group but generally isn't the best person.
The few Arabians that survived the allied bombing there landed back at Janow, Gen.
Herb Gray of Windsor, Ontario, immediately replaces Turner as head of the Liberals in Parliament.
Col. Triumfo Augustin, constabulary commander in the area, estimated 20,000 people were homeless.
Aker would not be drawn on details of the foreign investors. Mr Tom Ruud, Aker's chief executive, said the disposal had improved liquidity and cleared the way for the planned listing on the London stock exchange.
He quietly raised $200,000 for a black voter registration drive in the South that was instrumental in returning the Senate to Democratic control that fall.
The European Economic Community's economic sentiment indicator recovered strongly in March amid optimism about Europe's economic prospects for the next year, the EEC Commission said Thursday.
"We hope that the government will now hold to its own promised timetable and continue on a course to allow open and free elections," government spokesman Herbert Schmuelling said.
Davis died of cancer at George Washington University Hospital.
Another bank unit, Seafirst Corp., will have its Ba-1 senior debt reviewed, as will Seafirst National Bank's Baa-1 long-term deposits.
Three members of the jury reached Friday by telephone said the show had no effect on their verdict, the Tampa Tribune reported Saturday.
Like cellular telephone licenses, the FCC conducts lotteries to award wireless cable licenses.
He opened a private car-repair shop in 1985 by getting a license to repair the eastern German Trabant, the two-cylinder car with the plastic body and an engine that sounds like an angry lawn mower.
Civil rights activists are accusing the Supreme Court of "redneck justice" and urging Congress to stem what they say is a reactionary tide threatening 35 years of progress for minorities and women.
But it did reinforce the feeling that the economy isn't about to slump into a recession, analysts said.
Documents show the three-term Democrat, facing re-election in 1994, assisted Keating in his bid to have Gray removed from the examination of Lincoln.
The plane will remain at Norwood until Pan Am and the FAA have a chance to go over it, he said.
There is one plus, though.
The fleet commander, Adm.
"Between Christmas and New Year's, you might cut back to what you think is the bare minimum," says Thomas Barman, senior vice president of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse's New York branch.
Aboard the rocket was a communications satellite for the British military and a satellite for television and radio broadcasts to Europe.
The federal government will push harder to revive atomic power. Tax dollars may be used to develop a nuclear reactor with added safety features, but public opposition to the atom is likely to persist.
In Washington, the State Department disclosed Monday that Secretary of State James A. Baker III met with him in September at the U.N. General Assembly in New York.
California's press shield law, which forbids holding reporters in contempt for withholding confidential sources or unpublished material, provides ironclad protection in civil cases, the court said in a unanimous decision.
The dock contains five blocks of five-story, red-brick and cast-iron warehouses surrounding a 7-acre "courtyard" of water.
Their failure to share information is more than a bureaucratic tangle.
It hopes to treble its volume of communications business through its association with France Telecom.
At the end of the two years, he says, an undiversified portfolio that held just one or the other investment would have a cumulative return of zero.
Democratic Assemblyman Norman Waters began a vigil Friday in the Assembly chambers.
For starters, be aware of what these performance numbers really represent.
Six men survived 40 hours in the Pacific Ocean by fashioning a makeshift raft out of buoys and nets from their sunken fishing boat, the Coast Guard said.
Japan's robust economy has yet to show signs of inflation.
KEITH HARING ESTATE settled a lawsuit against Playboy.
Some funds are allowed to take bull and bear positions in a range of financial instruments, and even in agricultural commodities, where there is a perceived opportunity for profit.
Meanwhile, Mr. Walsh's staff is evaluating how it will gather information it needs from President Reagan.
His home number is unlisted.
One juvenile was in custody and warrants were issued for a second juvenile and Darryl Wilson, 22, of Denver, she said.
The Army, by comparison, would have half of its top 14 acquisition programs terminated next year and its budget slashed nearly 15% by the fall of 1994.
His first financial success came was the Servitron Robot, a vinyl, 4-feet-tall, remote-control toy that serves drinks at parties.
He said the investigation would be turned over to the Will County state's attorney's office.
Last month was the city's coldest and snowiest December on record, pushing Syracuse's snowfall for the decade to 1,075 inches, according to meteorologist Peter Jung.
If they can do what they did in this court, nobody is safe in the courts." Bradley was arrested March 4 while leaving a grocery store. Security guards testified during his trial that they saw Bradley eating several handfuls of grapes while shopping.
The Richmond, Va., company filed a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission last Friday about the court's reversal, and said it was "evaluating its options.
Saudi Arabia's readiness to compromise and the involvement of several Gulf heads of state underlined how seriously Opec takes the threat to its position.
Polish living standards dropped sharply in the early 1980s and still have not climbed back to the level of a decade ago.
This can hold up shipped cargo, and given the long and complicated Mexican custom procedures, add significantly to costs.
The new company's chairman would be Craig Wiggins, currently chairman of Foote Cone's European operations, and its vice chairman would be Gerard Pedraglio, a top Publicis executive.
The Soviets still operate about 100 such subs.
Frank Joseph Smithart, 19, apologized for the vandalism and pleaded guilty to two counts of second-degree criminal mischief for defacing the entrances to the two buildings.
However, the gains are so slight that average yields for most maturities are still below the levels of two weeks ago.
How well would an economy already struggling with tight credit conditions and weak consumer spending bear the added burden of a tax increase?
But the most controversial section of the legislation was the plan to overhaul the law that blocks new products with any element of futurity from trading on a securities exchange.
Lantos, 62, a member of the House since 1981, terminated an interview last October and requested that further questions be submitted in writing, the newspaper said.
If flight attendants do strike, the airline said it will keep flying, using about 2,000 managers trained as flight attendants were and 200 newly hired replacements.
On average, the London motorist can expect to pick up only one parking ticket for every 50 infringements.
'And you also wonder whether there really are that many opportunities out there in the first place.' THERE is no better measure of Saudi Arabia's business buoyancy than its stock market.
Wold calls itself the nation's biggest distributor of syndicated television programming to independent TV stations and transmits news for Japanese companies.
Jaruzelski's vote to lift the ban on Solidarity concluded his dramatic change of course in the past eight years.
Ceremonies took place at the Decorative Arts Museum, which is honoring the whimsical dog with a retrospective featuring Snoopy memorabilia.
Private investment funds will be created to manage and invest the vouchers on behalf of the public.
But they could overcome an impasse that has thwarted peace efforts since a shaky first truce collapsed last summer.
The two-story frame farm house and the surrounding 25 acres in suburban Mount Pleasant had been slated for part of a residential development, but a citizens group known as Friends of Historic Snee Farm took title to the property over the weekend.
Battle lines are drawn again, however, with two Cuban-Americans already in the race on the Republican side, state Sen. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and millionaire banana importer Carlos Perez, a prominent supporter of former President Reagan and Lt.
UK universities are internationally renowned for the quality of education they give the top 30 per cent of academic achievers.
Only one committee member, Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, D-Ohio, voted against Dunne's confirmation.
Ahmed Shah, a guerrilla designated by the rebel alliance to head an all-rebel interim government, stood in the 95-degree heat and told the crowd his administration would soon move into Afghanistan. He gave no deadline.
The coroner's office ruled after an autopsy was performed on the woman's headless body, basing its findings on the opinions of toxicologists and a pathologist contracted by Riverside County, Cupido said.
Ms. Rossi said someone had called the airline's London office and said a bomb was on board the aircraft.
"You can always pick some number and say, `Is this enough, or is this too little?"' he said.
Makoto Utsumi, vice minister for international affairs, said the ministry didn't in any way suggest to Japanese banks that they stay out of the UAL Corp. leveraged buy-out.
As the dollar surged to an eight-month high in Tokyo, the Bank of Japan said it will take appropriate action with other industrialized nations if necessary to curb its strength.
Mossinghoff acknowledged that "a subliminal purpose (for the press conference) is to let elder Americans know that it is important for the FDA to have adequate funding" to review these new drugs.
"We need to keep on promoting socialism." Mr. Cronin, a mild-mannered white poet, burrowed into the SACP underground during his university days.
The company's stock tumbled this summer when the company reported lower-than-expected earnings.
For these causes the people of Great Britain, the United States and other Allied nations have for 44 years made enormous sacrifices to keep our alliance strong and our military ready.
Some people believe that if the economy really falls apart, the party might reach out to a New Deal/Great Society candidate.
BAA, the operator of Britain's seven biggest airports, is offering 455 pence ($8.13) a share for the 80.2% of Lynton it didn't own before making its bid May 16, valuing the target company at #220 million ($393 million).
The nation's high on Monday was 88 degrees at El Cajon, Calif.
"Consumers definitely don't want any fruit from Chile and we don't offer any fruit from Chile.
Many residents believe the problem in Sindh is beyond the government's control.
Sales in the quarter rose 49%, to 4.70 billion marks ($2.72 billion) from 3.15 billion marks.
It takes a while for managers to become comfortable in using them," says Edward S. Story, a vice president at Plexus Group in Santa Monica, Calif., which is marketing Instinet's Crossing Network.
Kodak's earnings for all of 1989 declined 62 percent to $529 million, or $1.63 per share, compared with $1.40 billion, or $4.31 per share, in 1988.
A healthy economy is the Republicans' "hole card," he says.
The local economy is diversifying, tourism and trade are up and the jobless rate was a relatively low 4.1 percent as of August.
The signing brings Dallas-based EDS to its goal of having 75% of the work it does for GM governed by long-term fixed-price agreements.
But AT&T now is under a regulatory scheme that controls its prices within a prescribed range of "caps" tied to the rate of inflation, not its profits.
Mr. Cook said that he wasn't concerned about a possible takeover of the company.
The Brady plan is causing the accounting value of loans to debt-troubled countries to "catch up with the economic value," Moody's says.
Adolph Coors Co. announced Monday it will introduce a five-gallon disposable container of beer called "Party Ball" later this month.
The 1991 request for the space station represents a 36 percent, or $699 million, increase over the 1990 amount.
The most recent estimates indicate soy ink will cost about one-third more than conventional low-rub ink, but as the demand for it increases, the price could decrease.
London could win but it requires a level of unity and co-operation which has not been seen in recent years." 'My sentiments entirely,' said the sports minister.
Simpson, an economist who has spent ten years in the packaging industry, will be responsible for the collective performance of the group's Newcastle and Thatcham factories.
Of course, calling this Iowa Republican a '60s child is strictly literal.
USDA said sales of sorghum totaled 347,100 tons, the most in the current marketing year.
Eleven of the Channelview victims, including Davis, were employees of Austin Industries.
But the liberalization of the local market will proceed gradually to allow local firms time to adjust to foreign competition, said Lu Dauny Yen, vice chairman of Taiwan's Securities and Exchange Commission.
But Ford says it won't invite reporters to watch the top officials get their checks.
"You have a cyclical industry that is clearly at or near its low," Mr. Long says.
Losing ticket: Republicans Barry Goldwater for president and William Miller for vice president.
Woolworth went up 3/4 to 62 1/4.
"We want you to communicate our concerns to the British government and we request that you advise us of the steps being undertaken by the U.S. government to adress the profound policy implications raised by this egregious deal," the letter said.
Domestic coal production so far this year is 119.8 million tons, 8.1 percent ahead of last year's production at this time.
Only four years ago it sold half its milk operations to Dairy Crest.
In the Napoli pas, and then in a fragment from Le Papillon, he showed a phenomenal facility - a circuit of the stage interspersing racing leaps with tight, clear pirouettes was astonishing.
For the past five years, specialty stores' sales growth has outpaced that of department stores by about 22%, eliciting an almost religious ardor on Wall Street.
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto will visit China on Feb. 11-14 on her first official trip abroad, the foreign ministry announced Sunday.
"With oil prices supposed to fall, I was looking for new highs in just about every airline stock," Ms. Bockstern said.
Finally, $200 million of preferred stock will be issued to a KKR partnership in exchange for retiring $200 million of an about $600 million bridge loan that KKR has outstanding to RJR.
"It was a non-event, unlike the rest of the market.
Rushdie dropped out of sight soon after Khomeini announced the death sentence on Tuesday on him and Viking, his publishers in Britain and the United States.
Before seeing Fahd, Voronstov met with Moslem Afghan guerrillas, under Saudi sponsorship, in the Taif Mountain resort.
General Motors Corp. will cut about 3,200 production jobs at three plants in February and March because of slow auto sales, the nation's biggest automaker said in another indication of the industry's severe slump.
It is controlled by the National Liberation Front.
When asked how today's scholars might approach an altered version, Mr. Greetham described a form of advanced literary analysis known as Reception Theory, in which "authorial intention has no particular precedence.
The Post has two classes of stock, one controlled by the Graham family and the other traded publicly.
The space institute's 1,500 researchers chose by popular vote its new director, Albert Galeev, 48, also a physicist who was a student of Sagdeev at Novosibirsk University.
Viardo won the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in Fort Worth, Texas, in 1973, and gave concerts in the United States in 1974 and 1975.
About 180 miles north, about 200 people were evacuated from Coahoma County homes as a flood swept through their neighborhoods.
Large companies continued to cut staff, while small companies were increasing the size of their workforce. However, employment expectations for the second quarter are improving.
If he were brilliant, he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place.
Two Arabs in Gaza City were stabbed and beaten by Palestinian activists on suspicion of cooperating with Israeli authorities.
At Drexel he courted RJR Nabisco President F. Ross Johnson, whobegan the bidding war for the food and tobacco giant.
Guerrillas armed with assault rifles killed a West German priest when he tried to rescue another missionary who was being attacked with a hatchet, a church spokesman said Wednesday.
RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a 1991 1990 x-% Jun 11-20 Jun 11-20 Chg.
The free agents averaged just a 5% salary increase.
But a fall in world oil prices since 1981, combined with debt payments, has depleted monetary reserves.
The KIO has earlier changed and stopped the flow of funds to Spanish assets. A spokesman for Grupo Torras, the KIO's holding company in Spain, said yesterday: 'We cannot make Prima viable in the present environment'.
The successor is Lewis W. Coleman, 46, a rapidly ascending alumnus of Wells Fargo, BankAmerica's San Francisco rival.
This is where McIlveen also makes sure of legality, environmental considerations and the lender's potential liabilities. 'We like lending to things that are already under way,' he says.
Five minutes later Dunga and Romario combined to set Bebeto through but his shot was blocked. The closest Italian squeak came after 24 minutes when Branco practised his speciality - the bent free-kick - from 25 yards out.
In response to the NRC's suspension of its review of Peach Bottom, Philadelphia Electric will submit a management reorganization plan to the agency by early December, the spokesman said.
The dispatch did not say when the incident occurred.
The ban interferes with the gathering and reporting of truthful and significant information about the political process on election day, the network argued in federal court papers.
Some roughly similar constitutional issues arose, however, in cases in 1976 and 1984 involving challenges by landlords to rent control measures in Berkeley.
In sum, the law might have shot itself in the foot, but it deserves to be shot in the head, along with Mr. Carson's proposal.
At a local gasoline station visited monthly by a part-time Labor Deprtment worker, the manager is nonchalant about his role in compiling one of the government's most important economic indicators.
At that time, government used its muscle to solve the problem; but in the current era of democracy, it can't.
'Instead, they are doing a great deal of research, looking for tactical offers and promotions which may be available.' But trading down by executives is not all gloom for the travel industry.
In 1979, the Washington and Moscow signed SALT II setting limits on long-range nuclear weapons.
Her pitch was always accurate.
He considered Marilyn Monroe and John Wayne before settling on Sinatra.
Pepsi in April withdrew its TV commercial featuring Madonna, saying consumers were confusing the music video with its ad, which contained no religious imagery.
Brokers only expect the market to worsen, as One Peachtree Center and two other large towers add 3.6 million square feet, or 31% more space, to the market by 1993.
Cray cited competitive and economic conditions for delays in obtaining contracts for systems to be installed this year.
If more U.S. companies do get back into D-rams, say critics of the consortium idea, Japanese companies will just bring their advantages to bear on other chip products and markets, making a more wide-ranging industrial policy necessary.
IBM says it has sold about 100,000 "Mammals" disks, at $99 to schools and libraries and $149 for consumers.
The ability of Tory managers to anaesthetise those who show the slightest sign of revolt is well-known.
They also said they preferred diplomatic, rather than military, efforts to resolve the crisis.
It faces the immense challenge of pulling Algeria out of a crisis brought on by the plummeting price of oil, which represents 97 percent of the country's export earnings.
He declined to predict when Digital would produce a workstation based on that product.
Seven of the Georgia charges against Brown stem from his arrest last Sept. 24 by the Richmond County Sheriff's Department.
Nor has the flow of rights issues upset share prices to date. However, most strategists agree that share prices will remain vulnerable until there is further indication that the UK economy is securely on the recovery trail.
The association took other anti-smoking steps, including a call for statutory prohibitions against billboard advertising for tobacco products.
Nearly every other developed country has given up on the market as a means of dispensing health care.
As previously reported, the tender offer is slated to expire June 2 at midnight EDT.
After Gdansk, he retired to the ambassadorship in Brussels.
For that reason, Jesse Jackson wasn't a comfortable choice for them.
Officials said they also are planning deeper than expected cuts in government spending next year, in an effort to curtail the expected inflationary effects of higher oil prices.
Representative offices have not been allowed in the past to carry out full banking business.
"If true it would be troubling," he said. "It would violate the spirit of the House.
International Business Machines Corp. was awarded a $24.8 million Air Force contract for satellite support.
This budget achieves that goal and complies with the spending limits set by the economic summit.
She said many people who know the two and their families were concerned about their well-being and think they are being dragged through the mud.
In animal tests, the liposome vaccine produced "significantly" more antibodies than did a vaccine alone, says Philip Livingston, a Sloan-Kettering researcher.
Mr. Blanc later created nearly all the famous voices in the Looney Tunes universe, basing each on the physical characteristics and personality of the creature presented to him on story boards.
"If they're playing baseball here, I'm watching. The Cubs could swap their whole team for minor leaguers and I'd still come out," said he.
The first two tales unfold from the point of view of small boys learning the oldest lesson in the book, that humans pay a price when their desire or greed interrupts nature's course.
Why not simply start the women's groups and skip the loans and entrepreneurship?
Moore, a Republican who was governor from 1969 to 1977 and again from 1985 to 1989, is the second West Virginia governor to serve a prison term.
In the British case, targeting the south of England, it worked, but the US is a much bigger place. A common thread of the US electoral comparisons is the insider-outsider contrast.
Chrysler guarantees that if it boosts the rebates before Sept. 30, the automaker will make up the difference to those that bought the vehicles during the current incentive period.
They foster hostile takeovers and an over-reliance on profitability as a yardstick of success. The chapter on Britain offers a rich and complex explanation of why its industry is in decline.
Rostenkowski, in a statement on the new report, said the reduction in tax burdens for the wealthy was "staggering." The CBO conclusion is essentially the same as that in a study by Citizens for Tax Justice that was made public Thursday.
The editors of Glasnost hope to continue publishing, but they are having trouble getting needed equipment and offices.
In the first two months of this year alone, Ms. Moore arranged $1.3 billion of credit for three big companies that entered Chapter 11 proceedings.
When he finishes his secondary education, Vicente will receive the principal in the fund, which could be put toward college or starting a business.
Philippine Sen. Aquilino Pimentel said the travel advisory was meant to show that the Philippines has falled into "anarchy and chaos" to justify moving the talks outside the country.
Later attempts by two helicopters to reach the glacier were also unsuccessful, Ehret said.
Ships unload their cargo into the pipeline for transport to an inland oil refinery.
But Ginnie Maes and other mortgage-backed securities were unchanged to slightly higher, bolstered by demand associated with two large new offerings of Remics, or real estate mortgage investment conduits.
He wasn't going to reason with anyone.
We'll look forward to a visit." Edited highlights of the program were broadcast later Monday on the BBC's English-language World Services.
So despite his book's subtitle, he does not restrict himself to the immediate postwar period because the Cold War's origins lie further back, most particularly, in the doctrines and personalities of the Bolshevik state.
One measure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of the economy's strength, new orders for nondefense capital goods, rose 1.3% to $30.15 billion in October after climbing 0.7% the month before.
This is an understandable pairing.
By official count, about 200 people were killed and more than 1,700 others injured.
Congress defied the political odds to pass a fundamental tax-overhaul bill.
The Rhode Island Democrat received only a single $5,000 contribution in the first half of this year despite the threat of a strong Republican opponent for the first time in nearly two decades.
Colombia and Malaysia will be Nos. 10 and 11.
The Democratic governor said he met privately Wednesday with Texas oilman Robert Mosbacher, a longtime Bush associate selected by the Republican president-elect to be commerce secretary in his administration.
"Maybe some of us were a little arrogant at times," conceded one Chase investment banker.
The state Health Department said Sunday it is paying several AIDS-infected prostitutes not to have sex.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, High Voltage closed at $17.625, down 37.5 cents.
It allows abortions if a woman's doctor deems a patient is in "a state of distress." Opponents say this in fact makes abortion available on demand.
Environmentalists are trying to discourage the bank and other international lending institutions from putting money into Third World development projects considered harmful to the environment or native peoples.
The 66-year-old, auburn-haired "Red Barron" was narrowly defeated in the Democratic primary on Tuesday.
Rogers began his career in the 1960s performing as a back-up guitarist and later toured as a folk singer. "Through the early and mid '70s, I kept expanding the introductions to my songs," he said.
Consumer and business confidence have sunk over the summer as growth has dwindled.
Gore would take 56 of his party's delegates with 14 for Jackson.
That will require a shake-up of the government.
Others resigned themselves to staying.
Another 2,000 guardsmen are in some stage of preparedness.
Micek said officers examined the records of a number of fires and noticed that Marts had been at the scene of several. "It just clicked," Micek said.
Ultimately, Miss Aggeles said she aspires to a career on Broadway and in film.
Mr. Miercort, 47 years old, succeeds Robert E. Murray, 48, who was dismissed.
The government first acknowledged the Hanford problems publicly in 1986, although much information about radiation releases there is still classified as secret.
Engines for either the 747 or the MD-11 are available from GE, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce PLC, a London-based maker of aircraft engines.
Peretz says Israel should tighten its Law of Return, which affords automatic citizenship to all Jewish immigrants.
Meanwhile, as Barnett awaited the SEC's green-light on the offering, its shares slid several points to below what it considered an acceptable offering price.
Here I was, I had just done `The Cosby Show.'
Unlike the standard 110-volt bulb, these could be run off a car or truck battery.
MCI currently offers basic long-distance and telex services.
A definitive contract between Faberge's owner, Riklis Family Corp., and Unilever United States Inc., the holding company for Unilever's American operations, has been signed and the transaction is expected to be completed within 30 days.
We would like to do more, but it would be wrong to rely on government funding alone. The industry, which stands to reap the direct financial benefits, must also play an active role.
The pesticide, in wide agricultural use in the 1950s and 1960s, built up in the food chain killing many wild birds. Environmentalists hailed the recovery as a triumph for the 1973 Endangered Species Act, now before Congress for re-authorisation.
"At least, it gave the market a psychological boost," said one equity trader.
The situation was being watched "on through the night" by staff at both the State Department and National Security Council, said Fitzwater.
After some discussion, he said, Mr. Casey suggested Secretary of State George Shultz could approach a third country for the money.
It is understood Mr de Klerk opposes the idea of a deputy presidency, insisting on a more equal relationship between the leader of the majority party and others within the coalition.
She said only two of about 150 candidates supported by the ultra-right nationalist group Pamyat survived the first round.
"We bought the team to get good tickets, not make more money."
"What I've been told is the campaign will see what it looks like tonight and the senator will talk to his advisers to see what direction the campaign will take," Mulligan said.
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, head of the center-left Labor Party, demanded Monday that the PLO present a clear-cut position.
Pravda described the accident scene as being one of "brief panic," but said medical workers from Moscow and nearby Gorky were immediately notified and asked for help.
Still, the polls contained chiefly good news for Dukakis as he looks ahead to November.
The winner should be announced by late October.
"There is now an immense hole in amateur surfing on the West Coast because he was really the crankshaft of organized surfing on the West Coast," said Surfer magazine publisher Steve Pezman. "The sport will miss him.
It's possible, but there is no reason to expect such an outcome.
"They're a big trap," says Laura Freid, publisher and editor-in-chief of Bostonian magazine.
"Our relationship is terminated," Mr. Ryan said in a telephone interview.
Foster Wheeler Power is a designer, builder and operator of waste-to-energy and cogeneration plants.
Relations between the two countries have sunk to their lowest point in years.
They have their political problems, too.
Pilots managed to maneuver the plane down into the Sioux City airport by using thrust from the two remaining engines.
A spokesman for Affiliated said that Mason Hawkins, who heads the investment firm, "has in the past been supportive of management" and that he didn't know why Southeastern had changed its stance.
The Royal Shakespeare Co. in Stratford, for example, offers balcony seats for as little as $7.50 _ a move that financial controller Wilkinson said balanced out the "superseat" prices.
Before considering the desirability or feasibility of a World EMS, let us briefly review the essence of the EMS and its achievements.
Mazursky highlights the comedy with real-life cameo appearances. Sammy Davis Jr. sings for the carnival, Ike Pappas plays a television reporter.
Upwardly mobile individuals in LDCs behave in ways not unlike middle-class consumers everywhere.
Prominent opposition activists are frequently expelled to West Germany.
Census workers will wear special vests so they can be identified and receive safety training and travel in groups, she explained. But they will not be accompanied by police.
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev acknowledged again on Tuesday that the two Germanys had a right to unify.
The picturesque moments, including the Butterfly Dance, the Chair Dance, and the Canaries, are drawn with skill and delight.
While many people, including Mr. Gorbachev and President Yeltsin, have been interviewed by the investigators, charges were lodged only against those who actually planned the coup and not those who supported it politically, Mr. Stepankov said.
But Loc, who grew up in a two-story house on the affluent west side of Los Angeles and went to University High School and Santa Monica College, had to travel by bus to the city's tough south side to get his reputation.
She was 12 feet down the pipe, said Sharon Pittman, mother of four of the boys.
Separately, a three-judge federal appeals panel temporarily blocked another independent counsel from asking a grand jury to indict former White House aide Michael Deaver on perjury charges.
The Fed's latest actions involve requests from Citicorp, the nation's largest banking concern; Chase Manhattan Corp. and Bankers Trust New York Corp.
In Indonesia, Mrs. Quayle will travel from the capital to learn about coping with volcanic eruptions, and in Singapore, she'll find out about cleaning up oil spills.
Completion of the transaction is expected within 30 days, Danaher said.
The United States and France, Haiti's two main donors, helped bring about Avril's ouster and have said financial aid will be restored under a democratic government.
Wells Rich's entry into the international arena, however, comes as Mrs. Lawrence is pulling herself further out of the day-to-day operations of the agency.
In March, EPLF guerrillas broke through a 10-year-old front south of their headquarters in Nacfa and overran the government-held town of Afabet, capturing three Soviet military advisers in the process.
Zevulun Hammer of the National Religious Party, religious affairs minister, said earlier Monday he was trying to find common ground.
Rounding out the top 10 were Detroit, Boston, Dallas, Washington and Houston.
He was repeatedly thwarted by the president, governors and some ministers.
Hundreds of students hurling firebombs and rocks fought riot police in Seoul and two other cities today to protest the arrest of a fugitive radical student leader.
But even though the worst has passed, the airline's reputation for shoddy service continues to haunt it, and many service problems remain intractable.
The building apparently was owned by a company in which Coe has part interest, Moncier said.
But six months after German unity, most experts agree that many of the east's factories are in much worse shape than anyone imagined they would be.
Moreover, many investors simply don't realize they hold junk-bond funds.
The Justice Department, meanwhile, asked authorities in Switzerland, France, Luxembourg and Britain to freeze bank accounts in which Noriega is believed to have stashed millions of dollars in illegal drug profits.
Meese is expected to testify at the trial at federal court in Manhattan.
He refused to talk about partisan politics because of the sensitivity of his position.
The driver ran into a police station to escape the crowd that pursued him, but enraged citizens stormed the station, dragged him out and beat him unconscious, the state radio reported.
As performed by the Ailey dancers, it looks even less appealing, since they do not offer the classic securities with which such ABT artists as Natalya Makarova and Erik Bruhn redeemed choreographic blatancies.
Light rain fell along the New England coastline early today and a wave of severe thunderstorms lashed the Midwest.
There has been much speculation recently that the next step in the Wall Street investigations will be to move beyond insider trading to broader questions such as market manipulation and tax evasion.
None of the discovered planets could actually be seen by the astronomers because they are blotted out by the brightness of the stars.
Armenian deputy Lyudmilla Arytyunyan told reporters all 14 Armenians present voted against it.
But we decided the opposite, to open more to political competition and to advances in democracy.
That was in 1985.
Mattea is the reigning singer.
The town may be dying, and though the mall out by the interstate and the Wal-Mart at the edge of town may be providing a commercial alternative to the town, they still haven't replaced the commerce and cohesion of town life.
Dow Jones industrials 2983.68, up 7.16; transportation 1217.12, up 10.66; utilities 211.82, up 0.82.
The male stars get to dress up like sheiks, ride camels and tell jokes that play off their real-life personas.
ICN shares fell 62.5 cents Friday to close at $6.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
The Blue Arrow affair "undoubtedly has cast a shadow" over County NatWest, said Lord Alexander, who appeared frazzled after a week of crisis.
"The signals are so mixed that no one is taking a firm view one way or another," he said.
He was my one connection to the community. Otherwise, we were outcasts," Wiener said.
Britain today pledged to contribute to a U.S.-organized fund to share costs of the Persian Gulf operation against Iraq, and Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the European portion of his fund-raising tour a success.
Competitiveness is based on the effectiveness of the innovation process as a whole.
Though the Chevrolet Corvette has had a plastic body for years, the Lumina, Trans Sport and Silhouette still represent a big gamble for GM.
The charges amount to "a house of cards delicately balanced on a series of unprecedented reinterpretations of House rules," they argued.
It's got a large and unwieldy cast, with a confusing setup of part-time hosts (Mr. Garagiola, for example, is just on Tuesdays to Thursdays) and none of them are what the show really needs.
He has been transferring money in his general portfolio from south-east Asia to Latin America for the past four months.
Another reason bond and stock traders should watch commodity prices is because the Federal Reserve does, says Mr. Murphy.
But so far, he declares, there's little evidence the "new urgency" is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring.
The expense and logistics of distributing the water - bottled water must be purchased - has prompted the military to begin using water taken from oasis wells and processed from the sea.
Two other Americans arrived from Iraq on Wednesday.
"There's enormous potential out there for every city in the country," says Mayor Joseph Petruzzi of Bellmawr, N.J., which is fighting two such suits.
After walking from his wheelchair to a row of microphones 15 feet away, Brady, known to his friends as "Bear," pronounced himself ready for work.
Shortly after the deposit was made, the businessman transferred the money out of Credit Suisse and invested it in a certificate of deposit at a second Swiss bank, where it has accumulated an estimated $253,000 in interest, Mr. Belnick said.
"In the long run, the situation we have now isn't good for anyone _ even the members of the iron triangle," Reagan said. "Fundamentally, the American people know what's up, and they don't like it.
Maeda did not attend Monday's meeting.
AIM quoted the missionaries as saying all the deaths occurred in Memba, 240 miles south of the border with Tanzania.
Nigeria is a major exporter of oil to this country.
Former Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega paid his first visit to the United States since his election defeat last February and admitted he made many mistakes while in power.
Since that time, the federal government has faced increasing public pressure from East Malaysians to make something of the island.
The transaction was "renegotiated" after Park Plaza conducted a physical inspection and analysis of all the properties, the spokesman said.
"Keep your eye on the state finances," says John Marino, New York's Democratic chairman and a close Cuomo adviser.
PETA says it doesn't advocate violence but wouldn't be surprised if more incidents occur.
No single party garnered more than 13% of the vote.
Its stock, which went public at $21 a share in late April, closed yesterday at $24.125, off 25 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Popov, a judge who is a member of neither leading faction, was chosen to lead a new government after strikes and protests forced Socialist Premier Andrei Lukanov and his government of former Communists to quit late last month.
Mr. Eastwood said that the company hasn't decided what it will charge and that California utility regulators must approve the fees.
Can the company turn the failures round while insulating the successes from recession?
Former RCA employee Leonard Kampf and current RCA employee Ronald Stevens each pleaded guilty to one felony count and face sentencing April 6.
Ward Bushee became executive editor of the Reno Gazette-Journal on July 16, replacing Charlie Waters, who resigned.
This domestic morass also has become linked to the beginnings of a foreign-policy problem.
The lumbering Japan Air Lines 747 drones over bustling Grant County Mall on its landing approach, the most dramatic sign that this remote little town has survived and prospered since Larson Air Force Base closed in 1966.
Mahallati's letter said "Iraqi forces ambushed our patrols" near Baneh, in the central sector of the front, 20 miles from the border with Iraq and about 310 miles west of Tehran.
A ConAgra spokesman said the final agreement probably will include a provision for purchase of the entire Swift operation within four years.
Out of total production till March of 44.12m kg south India contributed 29.85m kg, which was 10m kg lower than the crop in the first quarter of 1991.
Ms. Culver was in stable condition suffering from exhaustion, exposure and sunburn but was sleeping and doing well, Wannamaker said.
Volume was light in contrast to the previous week's activity in which about 1 billion shares traded hands in the busiest week in more than a year.
But in any deal Noriega works out, he would likely demand a promise that he not be extradited to the United States.
Up to 400 guerrillas participated in the pre-dawn attack on the civil defense post in Zaragoza, 10 miles south of San Salvador, an army sergeant said.
The Reagan administration's latest stated estimate of the budget deficit for all of the current fiscal year is $146.74 billion, but many private analysts predict a gap in the $160 billion to $175 billion range.
A huge turnout among the 7.4 million registered voters slowed balloting at many polling places and could delay definitive tallies, authorities said.
Under the measure, the arrest authority for Border Patrol agents has been expanded from immigration law violations to other crimes, including suspected drug activity.
It said the Kay stores, mostly on the East and West Coasts and in Texas, would fit in well with Sterling Inc., a U.S. jewelry retailer that Ratners acquired in 1987 for $203 million.
"Some people like to talk about this, others don't," she replied.
A leading Republican senator accused fellow GOP lawmakers and conservatives Tuesday of "downright deliberate deceit" in attacks on a major child care package and said the Republican alternative paled in comparison.
The Panamanian Defense Forces in turn condemned the blockade, during which Panamanian troops trained anti-aircraft weapons on U.S. helicopters circling overhead.
The Kremlin chief, who was responsible for agriculture before becoming party general secretary, frequently has consulted with Razumovsky on farm policy.
The commission didn't indicate whether it would seek to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.
It wasn't known who, if anyone, the guns were leveled upon.
More spending on health and education would be likely.
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously, saying the plan would further swell its huge debt, which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year.
But the foreign and domestic challenges facing the United States remain as great as ever.
Pax World Fund avoids the top 100 defense contractors but accepts companies that do business in South Africa.
Two trailer parks were evacuated, Iberville Parish officials said.
The dollar closed at 150.30 yen, down 1.38 yen from Tuesday's 151.68-yen finish.
Mr. Bush said yesterday he will talk about health care next Tuesday, but details aren't expected until a Feb. 6 speech, officials said.
About 4,200 people in 10 cities were injured in Thursday's storm, which caused an estimated $40 million in damage in the hardest-hit city of Luzhou.
"If I had a bad heart, it would have given me a heart attack," Mrs. Davis said.
For many institutions, it's a drain on their resources and a distraction from their main business.' Fixed-price contracts generally profit both parties.
She is Gail Palmer-Slater, 35, of Port Huron, Mich., a business entrepreneur and former porn film producer who had written Thompson several weeks earlier saying she wanted to meet him.
But the selling in that prominent stock did not spread to other blue-chip and technology issues.
Certainly someone needs to wake up, but it isn't the voters.
Yesterday, Standard & Poor's Corp. lowered ratings on Federal Express's $200 million of commercial paper to A-3 from A-2, citing "near-term liquidity pressure" from the restructuring.
But a craftsman such as Ransom spends several days, sometimes weeks, on a single instrument.
While there appeared to be no damage to electrical or electronic systems, "we won't know for sure until we power up the vehicle," Utsman said.
Mr. Necci replies that after a capital increase and the share offering, the company's debt should equal equity.
The testing is the result of an executive order by President Reagan two years ago directing the government to produce a drug-free workplace.
Saunders obtained the information from former Navy procurement official George G. Stone, who pleaded guilty to participating in the scheme, and passed it along to defense consultant Thomas E. Muldoon.
And our bill would make Congress come clean with the American taxpayer as to the real cost of punitive trade legislation.
None was among the 81,000 people who saw the exhibit.
Disney, 45, also served as Sunday editor at the Daily News before becoming editor-in-chief of Self and US magazines.
"Windows cannot be opened without a screen to keep flies and bacteria from coming in freely," Vice Education Minister He Dongchang said in a recent interview.
Manuel Sanchez, director of the Center for Economic Research and Analysis, a private think tank, said in an interview that short-term anxiety will ease if investors see that the government is negotiating a solid, long-term agreement on the debt.
There also were reports of a government plan to introduce subsidies to encourage Japanese to buy imported cars.
Mayor David Dinkins condemned "eye for an eye" violence after a gang of blacks attacked three Vietnamese they mistook for Koreans, fracturing one man's skull blocks from a black boycott of two Korean stores.
Then bang, back down to depression.
Showers and thunderstorms fell Saturday across the eastern United States after violent storms that included tornadoes in four states.
The massive complex was completed 1,000 days later, standing in the heart of historic Berlin, its block-like dimensions and huge Communist insignia - a hammer and drafting compass - an eyesore to many.
He was held 19 days in 1971 and another 583.
Although the truce effectively collapsed one week later, with both sides swapping accusations of military attacks, government and rebel representatives continued to hold sporadic peace talks in Zaire until last week.
Soldiers later were seen breaking into houses and ordering residents to clear rocks from the streets.
The new test is based on a portion of the protein that makes up the outer jacket of the AIDS virus.
A successful override later this year in the Democratic-controlled Assembly would clear the way for the electric chair to be put back into use in the nation's second largest state. California already has the death penalty.
The Los Angeles Times, also citing an anonymous source, reported that the Philippine government asked that American planes bomb rebel-held air bases, fuel dumps and a seaborne freighter.
Robert D. Bodily, 33, was held today without bail at the San Bernardino County Jail for investigation of attempted murder of police Sgt. Ron Schwenka, said police Sgt. Dan Hernandez.
But the county of 9,000 people has had trouble keeping young doctors in the area.
Police spokesman Kerri du Rand said officials feared the building could collapse.
He made no comment, other than to point out the White House had issued a statement about Khomeini.
In 1973, the kidnappers of J. Paul Getty III, grandson of the late U.S. oil billionaire, cut off one of his ears and sent it to a Rome newspaper.
In 1789, John Adams was sworn in as the first vice president of the United States.
A geomagnetic storm is sweeping over the Earth and may interfere with satellite, radio and telephone communications, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported Friday.
A few hours later, the government announced that retail prices had risen at just under 3 3/4 per cent in the 12 months to July. Taken separately, these two figures are unremarkable.
The latest victim of the turbulent junk bond market may be the $225 million leveraged buyout of Michaels Stores Inc., analysts said.
In its revised bid Community Psychiatric offered $4.50 a share for HealthVest, plus contingent payments, down from $6 a share.
Previously only fragments of such an animal had been uncovered, the report said.
The rational response to these factors, and to the reversion of Hong Kong to Chinese rule in 1997, would seem to be global expansion.
An upgraded consumer complaint monitoring and tracking system.
In addition to the surging orders, Boeing attributed its earnings rise to lower new-business expense in areas such as research and development, which dropped to $382 million for the first six months, compared with $399 million for the year-ago period.
The National Party, despite gains made by white leftist and rightist forces, expects to retain power in Wednesday's parliamentary voting, but it probably will suffer its biggest losses since coming to power 41 years ago.
William T. Sherman continued his March to the Sea.
The action makes it more likely that high-definition television technology will develop differently in the U.S., Japan and Europe.
Then they recruited what seemed to be every senior-citizens organization in the state to say that a Thornburgh ad touting his record helping older people was riddled with inaccuracies.
Police arrested 22 Jewish youths who were among a crowd of about 100 that moved toward Arab east Jerusalem, police spokesman Uzi Sandori said.
It is just as important that any new DG can stand up to bullying from the likes of Mick Newmarch, the Pru's rumbustious boss, as from the Office of Fair Trading. Hard to imagine who would fit the bill given the ABI's current structure.
It's the key to good and productive lives, they say.
After resisting pressure for months, Audi of America Inc. said it agreed to comply with a government request to recall Audi 5000 series cars to correct possible problems of sudden, unintended acceleration.
But this news also sparked fresh hopes that inflation will remain in check, triggering a rally in Treasury bonds and pushing short-term interest rates down slightly.
Iraq did not offer such a letter, but the secretary-general said both countries told him they would restrain their armed forces.
One ad, no longer used by PCA, talked of $15,000 to $30,000 "with no additional work." Much of the advertising has cooled, partly in response to criticism.
Laboratory tests found the same typewriter was used to address the envelopes and to fill out Ms. Russell's application to the Justice Department in 1983.
By splitting up the population by race and, through a host of other apartheid legislation, assigning nonwhites to lower positions in society, the white minority could continue in power.
We're still taking a very cautious view. Even if tension does ease, we don't think the price of oil will come back much.
The awards will be given during the second annual Grammy Legends Tribute, a two-hour primetime CBS-TV special for broadcast later this year.
The pullout began five days after a Nov. 19 deadline set by Hrawi in his effort to create a militia-free zone in the so-called "Greater Beirut" area.
Senate leader Byrd promises to offer Rep. Gephardt's amendment if nobody else will.
A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest and easiest to raise funds in a hurry.
President Virgilio Barco revived Colombia's extradition treaty with the United States, where the top cocaine lords are wanted on drug charges.
The process of post-crash reforms began with calls to remake the markets and wound up a year later with a series of rather technical adjustments.
According to the television report, the IRA members were in possession of false identity papers and detonators when they were picked up on July 14.
"There's still a lot to be done between now and April 30," the date Hills could call for retaliatory measures, Torie Clarke, a U.S. Trade Office spokeswoman said Hills told Nakayama.
But P&G officials say they soon will sell in Britain a more biodegradable diaper, one with a plastic backsheet made with cornstarch.
AT&T Chairman Robert E. Allen said administrative costs are rising too rapidly and he wants to emphasize sales growth.
In the first 26 weeks of 1990, nearly five times more cases were diagnosed in Washington than during all of 1989, when 55 measles cases were reported, state health officials said.
He appeals to readers who like their Tchaikovsky in the grand tradition, untainted by deconstruction, Marxism, feminism, or those analysts for whom historical context is irrelevant and the works' autonomous greatness a fiction.
Credit Agricole and Banque Nationale de Paris, both French, come in at No. 8 and No. 9, while Citicorp rounds out the top 10. Overall, 28 of the world's 100 largest banks are Japanese; 13 are American.
But with yesterday's victory by Henlys in the battle of the motor traders - following hot on the heels of Manders' successful defence against fellow paint maker Kalon - the predators' lot is not proving an easy one.
Tickets were on sale here for three Bruce Springsteen concerts later this month.
Thought for today: "How do most people live without any thoughts?
The General Electric Company had a look at the business earlier this year, but was not prepared to pay enough.
But the sideline has its pitfalls.
Under a so-called master contract between Firestone and the URW, concessions at any plant must be approved by the other plants in the master agreement.
The company said it couldn't explain why its stock has fallen further than the rest of the market.
ARD-TV said the East Germans were arriving with "huge hopes." It showed the couple crossing the border in their wedding finery.
Government-sponsored enterprises, or GSEs, are private corporations chartered by the federal government to channel credit to agricultural, housing and student borrowers.
If the base was shut down, says Antonio Navarro, an official at the Socialist-run city hall, "I'd open a Disney World there.
President Reagan earlier had asked federal agencies to cut that time "by at least a third."
The company said it hoped to obtain other financing, including an arrangement of up to $1.25 billion of preferred stock financing by Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp.
American businesses, worried about a recession, plan a barely perceptible 0.4 percent increase in spending to modernize in 1991, the most pessimistic outlook for business investment in five years.
Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation yesterday announced its second investment in Chinese container ports in 10 days. The group is to take a controlling stake in the Yangtze river port of Zhangjiagang.
Home buying activity has remained lackluster since then, say realtors and builders.
An 11 percent decline in domestic demand and a 17 percent drop in the British market also contributed to the lower profits, the report said.
Prosecutors, over Buie's objection, used the running suit as evidence at his trial.
He said he never discussed this legal question "in a formal way" with Mr. Meese, but testified they "conceivably" discussed the matter at "various" points.
They are tough." Miss Marimo's family frets, to no avail.
He said the policy of moving Iraqis from remote villages to larger towns is not limited to Kurdistan.
Mike Hough, director of the Institute for Strategic Studies at University of Pretoria, suggested that some ANC leaders might prefer that Mandela die in jail.
In the past, the president's aloof management style often deflected criticism onto his advisers, but the report strongly suggests that Mr. Reagan's own failings encouraged the excesses of his aides.
Trains are jammed, with people often riding on the roofs.
The sign along Interstate 91, which went up in November, has caused at least 17 people to write letters of complaint to the resort.
David V. Wachs, chairman, was named chief executive of this maker of women's clothing.
A few firefighters can knock down a small blaze that might be impossible to control if left alone, he noted.
The Belzbergs' advances threw Arvin's management into turmoil.
The foot-dragging is not simply an innate conservatism.
Pozsgay shot up in popular esteem last January when he became the first public leader to proclaim that the 1956 revolt was a popular uprising and not a counterrevolution, as it had officially been termed for more than 32 years.
Two utilities wishing to make a trade each would have to send the EPA an electronic notice of the transaction.
"Then they might be entitled to look to us for concrete assistance," Hyde said.
Officially, western German gross national product rose by an inflation-adjusted 3.1% in 1991.
It hopes to have about 4,000 members by the end of the year.
"I think interest rates are going to be a lot lower by year's end," said Frederick W. Zuckerman, vice president and treasurer of Chrysler Corp.
Government party chairman Park Tae-jun told a news conference today that the issue of adopting a parliamentary system would be discussed by a 15-member working committee to be formed Wednesday.
Standard could also staying away from securities and concentrate on safer businesses like trade finance at which it excels.
But there is great skepticism about the measures enacted so far.
As long as there is no loss of amenity and good use is made of existing public transport, developers can make residential developments profitable.
It is the largest such event ever organized in Poland.
"Baseball is a kind of theater: they have a lot in common." Mr. Nederlander is one of five brothers and a sister, most of whom are closely involved with the family business, run primarily from New York and Detroit.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 27,767.58 points, down 52.40 points, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
FAA Administrator James B. Bussey said the airline now meets the agency's safety standards.
After a six to nine-month delay in getting its graphics computer ready, CST says that, at last, the system is in production testing.
The first is that the treaty signed in Maastricht did not envisage that Britain would participate in the social chapter.
Federal securities regulators have questioned MAI Basic Four Inc. about possible violations of stock margin requirements in its hostile bid for Prime Computer Inc., MAI Basic confirmed Monday.
Our unemployment benefits show what a caring society we have and mark us out from the poor.
Estimates of the value of the offers have differed widely.
These comments were harvested by the Daily News, which quoted sources as saying that a reception for 200 people was planned at the Helmsley Palace Hotel.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold for April delivery rose $1.70 an ounce to $419.70 in moderate trading estimated at three million ounces.
Reductions this year will come through a combination of layoffs and attrition, the company said.
Playwright Terrence McNally was voted the Emmy for writing in a miniseries or special for "Andre's Mother," a drama about AIDS.
A student, David B. Clark, in the University of Minnesota's Tax Law Clinic argued the winning appeal.
The senator had once said she would retire after two terms and her announcement came after prolonged speculation that she would stick to that plan.
"In a way I was relieved.
But after the first year, borrowers will be able to convert the new loans from an ARM to a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage from the 13th month through the 60th month of the loan.
No country in the hemisphere gets more U.S. assistance than El Salvador, which President Reagan has held up as an example of success in Washington's avowed policy of fostering democracy in Latin America.
Roger Natan, a mechanical engineering professor at Ben-Gurion University in Beersheba, has spent 12 years developing the system in which muscles are electrically stimulated by electrodes hooked to a computer.
General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co. and to a lesser extent Chrysler Corp. have engaged in business in Europe for years.
However, Block's successor, Richard E. Lyng, "could care less" about the news sheet, he added.
Joseph Fernandez, former CIA station chief in Costa Rica. Charged with obstruction and making false statements in connection with his assistance to North's Contra resupply network.
We indeed have a mission of high-level businessmen on their way to the Soviet Union right now. They happen to be in Helsinki.
Nixon, on the second day of a private visit as a guest of the government, was briefed on China's "practice of being kind-hearted toward the students while setting strict demands on them," the official Xinhua News Agency said.
The agreement is expected to add a further Ecu62m to the Ecu20m the EC has spent on nuclear safety in Russia and Ukraine so far under the TACIS programme.
Sir Peter added that the Bank of England, which regulates British banks, wants Standard Chartered to do a rights issue.
With a turnover of just under Pounds 100m a year it is not big enough to insist on improvements from its suppliers.
As a consequence, the blue chips extended a decline which had begun in the closing minutes of the previous session, when investors had sensed the bad news to come. However, the downturn paled when compared with the rout in bonds.
Punk rock music blared from windows of buildings, which were covered with the black-and-red flags of Berlin's anarchist movement and slogans and signs denouncing German unity.
A man purporting to speak for the "joint command" of urban guerrillas of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front called at least one radio station in El Salvador to claim responsibility for the attack.
Mazda has raised the prices on its cars sold in the U.S. nine times since late 1985, when the value of the Japanese yen began climbing against the dollar.
He said the Nicaraguan government chose not to reconsider its decision, and the State Department reciprocated by expelling Vargas and Vigil.
Fair enough, if this means gilts or mortgage bonds.
The case has been turned over to the district attorney's office, Police Chief Bruce Beaty said.
The forensic experts said the blood on her head and on the ground had coagulated.
Environmental Protection Commissioner Leslie Carothers proposed allowing the state to override local zoning and locate solid waste disposal facilities where it wants.
Despite the record highs reached in the stock market, Mr. Murphy said, short sellers "still firmly believe this market is overpriced, by about 500 points" on the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Sears Chairman Edward A. Brennan said: "We're not terribly nervous about the fourth quarter.
Those disruptions, in turn, could affect the efficiency of the military operations in Saudi Arabia, where most of the Allied forces are based.
They all hop into their cars And drive off for a thrill, Gathering on highways Where, together, they stand still.
Coca-Cola Enterprises "had to do something," said Jesse Meyers, publisher of Beverage Digest, a trade publication. "Dyson and others conceived the idea to build a network of bottlers.
Some women even choose to select the adoptive parents early in the pregnancy and have them accompany her to doctor appointments and act as natural childbirth coaches in the delivery room.
He also accused his old friend and former Parliament speaker Anatoly Lukyanov of betraying him during the attempted coup.
"We're going to put on (the witness stand) the girlfriend, the guy that sold him the gasoline, the two guys he talked to _ the neighbors _ at his house," McCarthy said.
During the primary campaigns, Bush was on the receiving end of more jokes than all his Democratic opponents combined.
But last year, Spanish sparkling wine sales in the U.S. sank 10%, to around 17 million bottles, according to agency data.
At least one British war veteran attending the wreath-laying ceremony thought Philip's visit to Japan was justified.
The Turkish parliament has still to decide whether to extend the allied security umbrella for the Kurds beyond the new year.
The agency reported the strike committee "sharpened discipline" when some of the 130 miners began to leave the occupation strike at the Thorez mine.
Jack Schultz, Altman's president and chief executive, says his stores suspended advertising two weeks ago.
Three securities firms joined the elite ranks of primary dealers in U.S. government securities, but it's equally significant that Yamaichi Securities Co. of Japan didn't make the list.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Ms. Bhutto attributed the recent criticism of her to the government.
Delta spokesman Neil Monroe said he mentioned the Eastern program only reluctantly, because Delta views its program as a systemwide deal designed to beat the competition in many markets.
But the Belzbergs' financial muscle may not be as powerful as many people think.
Development of the winter wheat crop is about two weeks ahead of schedule because of unseasonably warm and wet weather to this point, and is now particularly vulnerable to a cold snap, analysts said.
A mysterious man linked to the Medellin cocaine cartel acknowledged he forged millions of dollars in greenbacks and passed thousands along the U.S.-Mexico border, a top law enforcement official said Tuesday.
'They need people in the UK,' he says.
While many analysts expect further short-term declines, few expect prices to dive to the low teens.
Alan Olson, a Century 21 real-estate agent in nearby Fergus Falls, expects Grant County land prices to stall this fall after rising 20% in the past year.
A Planned Parenthood spokeswoman said the organization is considering whether to appeal.
Davies smiles enigmatically and walks off. Cardiff, February 1. The first home game in the championship for Wales is marked by an outpouring of Welsh cliches.
Maud Van Cortlandt Oakes, a well known author and self-taught anthropologist who studied Navajo and Guatemalan Indians, died Sunday after a long illness at age 87.
The system currently holds about 42,000 prisoners, about 14,000 more than existing facilities were meant to hold.
Robertson's comments on the hostages marked the second time in two weeks that his statements on international matters have sparked controversy.
There is a feeling, Mr. Acquilino said, that "if I give this piece, what is the next piece to go."
AEL Industries Inc. said it expects its fiscal 1988 earnings to be "fairly level" with those of the prior year.
Now, the surplus is gone, partly because of a 1986 "whole herd buyout," in which farmers sold their entire herds to the government for slaughter and promised to stay out of the dairy business for five years.
Credit Suisse can do all that, Merrill can't' Mr Waugh at Merrill disagrees.
Bush has 7,000 tires on land he owns in the village.
In business, the partner usually stays quietly out of the limelight.
But we haven't seen a lot of buying at higher prices either," he said.
Films of stone-throwing Palestinian protesters even have been used in campaign ads.
In some vans, virtually every inch of wall space beyond the driver's seat is given over to speakers and amplifiers.
Like WF Yeames' 'And When Did You Last See Your Father?', similarly investigated at the Walker Art Gallery, the Rembrandt remains an enduringly popular image.
Municipal courts are geared to process minor offenders within three hours of arrest.
But mental scars remain for survivors like Casey.
Yet in Colorado, competing resorts have begun to pool resources to try to resolve their problems together.
Despite industry tests that proved Hoover superior, the Regina machine always won, picking up flakes that Hoover's didn't.
The fighting began at 9:45 p.m. Wednesday and died down after midnight.
UMW President Richard L. Trumka has said he wanted to return to the AFL-CIO through a merger with another energy union.
"They're like children," says Rep. Fortney Stark, a California Democrat.
Bond prices, which had been up in early trading, fell in response to the purchasing managers report, and the stock market followed suit.
The House also approved two of five proposed amendments.
But it's been a real circus getting it here.
Indeed, indexation may be more expensive in terms of real resources.
Nasdaq says it didn't do much partying for its 20th anniversary last year, aside from a press release or two.
Militant blacks have frequently attacked black policemen, accusing them of collaborating with the government and its apartheid policies.
The officials, who asked not to be identified, said Delvalle has privately expressed his intention for many weeks to distance himself from Noriega but they recognize that such a step would require considerable courage.
The latest quarter's profit compares with $73.3 million, or 69 cents a share, in the 1988 third quarter.
All are dominated by Labour.
After having problems finding enough good samples to use in drumming up business, Ms. Spiros was forced to recall the one and only shipment that ever left the basement _ 2,000 gloves sent to a San Francisco-area ambulance company.
In the only other U.S. death linked to the guerrilla fight, a Texas woman was among seven passengers killed and 28 wounded when guerrillas bombed a tourist train heading for the Inca ruins of Machu Picchu in June 1986.
He also ruled that retirees would retain any contractual rights even if the bankruptcy case were dropped or dismissed.
As previously reported, an arbitration panel in 1988 awarded Enron $162 million from the Belco insurers led by American International, to cover claims resulting from Peru's expropriation of Belco.
Showers and thunderstorms Thursday evening extended from the lower Mississippi Valley to the western Carolinas.
If Bellamy had only known, his hero would have been mystified not only by organ music but also by cavernous echoes that seemed to issue from 100 yards behind his sofa.
"The burden on a publisher to avoid liability from suits of this type is too great," Davis wrote.
A company wishing to build hazardous-waste facilities in Pennsylvania must meet certain "siting criteria," such as distance from water supply and the presence of wetlands, as well as meet technical criteria such as emission levels.
The company also said it would begin listing nutritional values on its packages.
And an open enrollment program allows students to attend the public school of their choice.
When interviewed last week, he had just heard bad news from CBS officialdom.
In the minds of many union leaders, HRM is associated with trade union derecognition in the workplace by employers, and a resulting loss of union influence.
Cache also said all of its board members resigned.
The administration must already cope with Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Those groups have been largely disillusioned with Mrs. Aquino's failure to institute reforms after the "people power" revolution.
Johnson split with Taylor months ago, and his fighters last week advanced to within a mile of the presidential mansion.
Earnings were helped by stronger fee income, wider interest spreads and lower bad debt provisions. Net income in the fourth quarter of 1992 was Dollars 104m (Dollars 1.14 per share), up from Dollars 66m, or 80 cents.
"There seems to be a feeling that this area is now underbought," he said.
But Stuart Robbins, retail analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. in New York, said much of that value comes from the company's operations.
Mr. Main also said it is unlikely Nintendo would consider acquiring a major U.S. toy company.
VALUE OF NIGERIA'S CURRENCY FALLS Nigeria's currency slumped in value to 17.9 naira from 10.5 to the dollar amid confusion after Lagos scrapped controls and threw the currency market wide open.
Machinists leaders say Eastern employees are being told to suffer even more for bad management that isn't committed to keeping Eastern alive.
"It's going to be devastating," said Douglas Dirting, vice president of Tri-County Growers Inc., which normally has 400 people in the fields during mid-September.
The deal was signed in Ankara at the end of a two-day visit by Russia's first deputy prime minister, Mr Oleg Soskovets.
Bergsten said the key test will come in whether the United States is willing to share decision-making on international issues as it seeks funding help from other countries.
The withdrawal of the SRAM-A follows Cheney's disclosure in late May that a safety problem existed with U.S. nuclear artillery shells in Europe, but that it had been fixed and a risk of accidental nuclear explosions never materialized.
The Saudis have been reluctant in the past to allow any U.S. military exercises on their soil, not wishing to provoke their neighbors.
Government party officials said they would ask President Roh Tae-woo to veto the laws approved by the opposition-controlled legislature.
"I came up with the Star Wars Deli idea to take advantage of the area _ that's the hot thing going on here.
The credit agreement, the largest negotiated by the oil refiner and marketer, is mainly intended to meet the financing needs of Quaker State's Minit-Lube unit, a chain of fast-lubrication service outlets.
Proponents of the plans contend the refinancings reduce the budget deficit in the current fiscal year by paying off the government's loans in cash up front.
Sentencing was set for Jan. 4 before San Luis County Superior Court Judge Warren Conklin.
This is a point Judge Bork subsequently emphasized in the confirmation hearings.
All the main indices ended off their lows for the day.
Gilbreath has declined to say he voted for in Texas' Republican presidential primary.
For example, if a height standard is equally applied to all applicants, Hispanics and Asians are more negatively affected than whites, and women more than men.
Mr. Upton is associate finance spokesman for the National Party.
I can't imagine they'll be any different at all," she said.
In one commercial, it focuses on Mazda's "telemetry" center, where scientists monitor a driver's pulse rate and heartbeat, among other vital signs, to ascertain how driving a Mazda feels.
Stuart B. Rekant, an MCEG executive vice president who masterminded the program, said early last week that the delayed delivery of MCEG movies has created "timing gaps" in payments by overseas distributors.
Mr. Kehler, a former Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. investment banker, charged his share of big fees to put together takeover deals in the 1980s.
The new restaurant features a plush interior which can seat 350 visitors and serve up to 2,500 meals an hour, operators said.
Amsterdam closed higher on balance in generally modest volume under the pull of the higher dollar and buoyant earnings reported so far this month by some major Dutch companies.
The telecommunications company said the judge granted a waiver for the FTS-2000 bid, but didn't rule on whether the Bell companies would violate the consent decree by providing switching services generally.
Others said the fact that OPEC is being secretive about the location leads to higher expectations about the outcome.
There was talk again of new measures to stimulate foreign economies, especially the Japanese economy.
"Henry Singleton is an absolutely original thinker, and he's light years ahead of me," Mr. Hanisee says.
That same year he discovered his accountant had embezzled more than $1 million from his account, Bridges testified.
He said it had been shrinking since then, now getting a fraction of 1 percent of the budget.
State regulators are said to be investigating a doctor who speeded up delivery of a baby, plopped the infant into a Christmas stocking and dashed to a TV studio next door to display her as the county's first newborn of the '90s.
Three other Cubans have taken refuge in the Spain's embassy and 12 Cubans are at the Czechoslovak embassy.
"Most institutional investors told us at the beginning of the year that they wanted to see the unemployment and trade numbers before making any big moves" in their investments.
In 1960, Democratic presidential candidate John F. Kennedy and Republican opponent Richard M. Nixon held the second of their broadcast debates.
"I guess it's the excitement, it's like a dream car," said Mrs. Miller, 49, who owns two other Corvettes and has had her order in for a ZR-1 since July 24.
According to the sources, the complaint by lawyers for REI and the executives, William Moore and Robert Reedy, alleges that Valder never allowed government witnesses to inform a grand jury that they had not told REI executives about the payoffs to Voss.
The report said corn moisture and the amount of damaged kernels decreased, but there was a small increase reported in broken corn and the presence of foreign material.
Manafort, however, said his firm "has worked within the existing system at HUD." "We played by the rules," Manafort said. "I understand that the subcommittee views the process as fundamentally flawed.
Yet despite the severity of the thrift crisis, the board currently plans to raise only $2.9 billion from bonds through Sept. 30, the end of the current federal fiscal year.
Strong wind and towering 33-foot waves lashed the low-lying, heavily populated coastline of Andhra Pradesh state, knocking down hundreds of thatched huts, uprooting trees and downing power lines.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange's key index plunged after nervous fluctuations today, while the dollar continued its upward trend against the Japanese yen.
Paul A. Yost Jr., commandant of the Coast Guard, told a House subcommittee.
It said NASA was trying to do too much and allowing too little margin for the unexpected, leading to frequent revamping of major programs.
The situation now is calm.
Outside aid in the form of cash, food, tents, medicine and clothing totaled $84 million from 45 countries, the U.N. Disaster Relief Organization reported.
"Urgent measures are being taken to help all those affected by this terrible tragedy, and I have to be there in this effort," said Gorbachev, who planned to fly to Yerevan after arriving in Moscow. He canceled planned trips to Cuba and Britain.
And this year, the party decided the 1956 revolt was a popular uprising, not the counterrevolution it had been called for 33 years. On June 16, Nagy's remains were reburied with honor.
"I think we're coming out of" fiscal 1989 "much stronger as a result of the Nippon sale," Mr. Banks said.
Gross said he will miss his character as well as the cast members.
His worry persisted after a blood test proved negative, and he was referred to Harmon by an AIDS hot line.
Although economic growth is most crucial for the black majority, in the long run the white minority's own freedoms also depend on South Africa's economic survival.
A French humanitarian group said Wednesday it was withdrawing part of its claim about the use of toxic gas during street protests in Soviet Georgia last month in which 19 people were killed.
Shaywitz said her study shows that doctors should not rely soley on schools to identify children with learning disabilities.
That was between 1986 and 1988.
It was the culmination of discussions by Cabinet officials in the administration.
Some reporters have been hospitalized with fatigue and others spend so much time at the palace they have clean underwear sent by express mail.
After a change to a calendar year, Tandon had net of $11.7 million, or 21 cents a share, for the 1987 nine months.
Like other analysts though, Ms. Lidgerwood doesn't think Congress will approve any substantial re-regulation of the railroad industry.
The events in Poland are being viewed nervously in Prague, where government officials expect demonstrations Monday to commemorate the Soviet invasion in 1968.
The president's remarks came hours after Exxon executives told a congressional panel that the company will suspend cleanup operations for the winter by mid-September.
The warrants, one for every four shares of Irving stock, would have a term of seven years and an exercise price of $65 per share of Irving stock.
"You need Americans to set the standard," argues Julian Dodwell, the Tigers' captain.
So we believe that the addition of Joe will cause them to come home." Frank says NBC, in seeking the top "Today" ratings of yesteryear, is hoping to "recapture some of that warmth and family appeal" the show once had.
ICI's third - quarter results are due on October 29. Market report, Page 46 Has Louise, the teenage dressmaker from Montmartre who defies her parents to follow her lover into the Paris of the 1900s, lost the power of pulling in the public?
In June, the two leaders also are expected to sign protocols designed to ease Senate ratification of two minor treaties from the 1970s limiting underground nuclear tests.
Gayle Turenne, 31, was charged Wednesday in a warrant with one count of possession of cocaine, said Lt.
A photograph of Mr. Greenberg in 1978, taken for a Detroit News profile, showed money sprouting from trees in his office.
Its far-flung voters would be unlikely to approve bonds to fund a jail, hospitals or other public works; and services would suffer, they contend.
Since its founding in 1879, lawyers at the firm have helped organize U.S. Steel in the late 1880s, helped plan the construction of the Panama Canal and helped negotiate an end to the Korean War.
Operators of the Seabrook nuclear power plant warmed the reactor for its first low-power testing, but opponents planned to turn up some heat of their own with a new round of mass protests.
The Soviet arms role was larger, but not by terribly much.
In the western part of the country, the Soviet pullout has begun from Shindad and Herat, said the Islamabad-based diplomats, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Some economists predict more increases this year.
After taking into account the fallout from the China crisis, the government has projected 1989 GDP growth of 5%.
The District of Columbia has the nation's second highest per capita income after the state of Connecticut: $20,303 annually, which is 32.3 percent higher than the national average.
The group has a strong position in Brazil, but so far no presence in China, where it is likely to go for joint ventures. Mr Herbert said: 'We've had the time and access for extensive research and due diligence.
The contest, sponsored by Lions Club International, examined entries from nearly 100,000 children in 49 countries.
The hospitals and community health services which provide treatment are increasingly managed by independent trusts.
While the Reagan administration lauded Friday's report as signs that inflation was not heating up, some private economists expressed worries about what could happen if world oil prices suddenly rebound.
The company's two properties in Laughlin, Nev., also posted increases in operating results.
That the party probably would ask for the powerful ministries of foreign affairs and finance, in addition ot defense and internal affairs.
SPAIN - The frigate Santa Maria is in the Gulf of Oman.
In addition, there is a popular tradition of rivalry between Poles and Czechs, neighboring Slavic peoples.
In the midst of these the ripe and rusty Basilio of Nicolay Ghiaurov, with his imposing Slavonic bigness a potential cuckoo in the nest, was all the more effective for his restraint.
In doing that, "I tried to use more or less acceptable methods," Mikhail says.
There was no panic." One of the officers on the governor's security detail also stayed with her, Schmidt and Manager said.
Lou Droesch, a mortgage broker, walked to the microphone as Tuesday night's meeting neared its end.
As a consequence, the share prices of prime rate funds don't vary when interest rates change.
The program in this city of 165,000 on the east side of San Francisco Bay also would help sick kids and subsidize poor parents for baby-sitting costs.
Washington, which supports the guerrillas, has devoted most of its effort to obtaining a withdrawal.
I don't know of a single Alaskan who wouldn't agree with that." Alaska began caring for its older residents long before it became a state in 1959.
Press Trust said 12 people were killed, United News of India put it at 10, and Police Commissioner S.M. Shangari said eight had died.
Rain also fell in sections of the Dakotas, while snowshowers were scattered from western Nebraska into the central Colorado Rockies.
The plan comes just three days before a meeting between the two Germanys and the four World War II allies that divided Germany _ the Soviet Union, United States, Britain, and France _ to discuss the international ramifications of German unity.
The poison, mostly vaporized in the heat, pushed past a relief valve, through the pipelines and out the vent tower.
The earth was to be shipped to a storage facility in Barnwell, S.C., Robinson said.
Money continues to flow toward technologies that could be fielded soonest, while riskier and more exotic ideas absorb most of the cutbacks.
"It obviously didn't work," he said.
Qian, the new foreign minister, is expected to follow closely the policies laid down by Wu, foreign minister since 1982.
But one problem that hurt their analysis when they compared the 1920s with the 1980s: They equated 1987 with 1928 instead of 1929.
Outside a shelter for the homeless, though, pictures drawn by children showed some youngsters had hope for the future. Ten-year-old Amanda Charnas of Santa Cruz drew the Earth, flowers sprouting from a crack and a rainbow nearby.
Yesterday, MCorp said it had received "an additional proposal" from "a purchaser unrelated to the parties involved in the letter of intent."
Vote totals were not immediately released, although Georgia-Pacific said previously it controlled enough shares to ensure easy approval of the merger.
Sweetened terms set earlier this year called for shareholders of Maxxam, a forest-product and real estate concern, to receive 0.18 MCO common share and one new Class B preferred share for each of their shares.
He said two of them no longer live in the area but frequently return for visits.
The government also reported that construction spending inched up 0.02 percentage point in July and the Index of Leading Economic Indicators rose a modest 0.2 percentage point that month.
Of the 77 who received amphotericin B, 13 got the infection again, NIAID said.
A man who said he contracted AIDS from a blood transfusion during heart surgery was awarded $3.9 million by a jury which found a blood center negligent for not screening blood donors.
It did not elaborate on the charges.
Standard & Poor's Corp. said it lowered its ratings on the El Paso, Texas-based utility's senior debt to triple-B-minus from triple-B, and the ratings on preferred stock to double-B-plus from triple-B-minus.
But Jenkins said there are "powerful forces" in Iran who "continue to oppose any kind of rapprochement with the West." "None of the alternatives look very promising," Jenkins wrote.
The proceeds of the offering would have been used to finance construction of Denver's $2.3 billion airport.
Starting last June, the agent made contact with customers buying chemicals and equipment for making methamphetamine and other illegal drugs, said Van de Kamp.
The U.S. Park Police said 19 Greenpeace members were arrested and charged with demonstrating without a permit.
Crews began installing pumps on barges Monday to haul fresh water to southern Louisiana towns plagued by rising salt levels in the lower Mississippi River.
The Air Force said many of those problems were the sort normally found in new planes.
A chant rose from thousands at the joyous rally: "What did you have?" Ruml smiled. "Mine was good.
Restrictive steps that Balch said would be most likely to be introduced are parental consent and notification laws, and measures to give fathers a say in abortion decisions.
You return from lunch and find a message on your desk.
He said the deal was welcome but belated.
In an interview with the Washington Post in early October, the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is, while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth.
Government ministers told the miners later that authorities could not favor one sector by granting their pay demands and appealed for an end to the strike, state TV reported.
All 11 members of the Eelavur Democratic Front resigned from Parliament today. "We do not want to be dormant spectators who witness the tormentation of our people," they said in a statement.
Brian Fabbri, chief economist at Midland Montagu Economics, New York, pointed out that recent flooding in the Southwest could cut employment data further.
Parkin and Berlin are among those who pleaded guilty in exchange for helping the government.
Both were protesting at the government's decision to proceed with controversial general elections.
It is unreasonable to expect weapons manufacturers to pay a larger share of tooling costs, for example, if the services cannot guarantee sufficient annual sales.
The stock slipped 10 pence to 279 pence (19 cents to $5.25).
I won't allow it.' The highest priority goes to developing infrastructure, otherwise bottlenecks will block growth.
He wouldn't comment on any political implications of naming persons from the black African state to the De Beers board.
Following the announcement, the Sierra Club filed a lawsuit.
Opponents argued that evacuation plans for the population around Seabrook are inadequate.
The value of Kingdon's book is that it sharpens the point in a powerful and fascinating new way.
Pittston workers in Virginia, West Virginia and Kentucky went on strike April 5 after working 18 months without a contract.
The building was condemned and residents were told to leave.
While it prevails, Mr Heseltine's protestations of a belief in local autonomy are, in the prime minister's favourite epithet, bogus.
In Washington, the Marine Corps said the Huey was one of two conducting a navigation training exercise and that the lead helicopter crashed.
However, the dollar also was weakened later in the three-month period by signs that the U.S. economy was deteriorating, he said.
With just 3,000 employees, the service is smaller than the New York City Police Department, Morris said, yet its ranks are stationed in every U.S. judicial district from Guam to the Virgin Islands.
The consensus of forecasts, including that from the White House, is that any recession will be shallow and brief, probably ending during the summer.
The Samsung alliance "is a major announcement," asserted Mr. Allison.
It was quoted at 132.10 yen in London, and at 131.275 yen in New York, down from 131.70 yen Friday.
In New York's garment district, work sometimes comes to a halt as word of yet another AIDS death spreads across Seventh Avenue.
Gonzalo Rodriguez Gacha and four alleged underlings in the Medellin cartel were charged with conspiring with undercover agents, who posed as brokers, to import 2,200 pounds of cocaine every eight days into the New York area, authorities said.
During a similar project in Greenwich, they were 'shocked' at the public reaction. Expecting the worst, I looked concerned.
He passed through Mexico crossing the Rio Grande on Sunday and arrived in Miami by bus Wednesday. "So I came here.
Hundreds of people _ ranging from Ku Klux Klansmen carrying Rebel flags to black students singing "We Shall Overcome" _ gathered outside the Capitol for Reed's attempt.
Treasury Securities Prices of U.S. Treasury securities rose as much as 1/4 point as investors and traders awaited today's January employment report.
Italy had a major bribery scandal a decade ago in which a former defense minister and an air force chief were convicted of accepting payoffs from Lockheed, the U.S. aircraft manufacturer.
As they walked out, the men lifted their hands in a salute.
The Clearwater Sun has stopped the presses after 76 years of publication.
In Frankfurt, share prices ended higher in generally quiet trading, boosted by a firmer dollar, brokers said.
Authorities said they will begin excavating a site Monday in search of evidence in the shooting deaths of four members of a family and the disappearance of a relative eight months ago.
The differential between Italian and German short-term interest rates has grown by 5 percentage points since the end of April and by more than 3 percentage points in the past three weeks.
Direct talks with Iraq, he said, are unacceptable as a condition to a cease-fire.
He was an exceptional man and someone I looked up to personally," said Josiah Spaulding, who heads the center.
The expected cut in car tax offered an unmissable opportunity to transfer the tax burden to petrol, so cutting the cost of buying cars but making people think more about how they used them. Instead, the policy has gone into reverse.
Ashley is a service dog trained to help with things like opening doors, carrying packages and retrieving dropped objects.
He proposed to have the Communist Party officials at every level stand for election.
Many bird species find golf courses and sod farms good feeding grounds, especially in urban areas where these large expanses of green are easy to spot from the air.
'I think this could prompt mergers and acquisitions among industry members,' he said. Mr Doi also expressed concern about the entry into the securities market of subsidiaries of banks, a development allowed under a programme of financial deregulation.
In March, the Consumer Product Safety Commission rejected a ban on lawn darts, but Snow kept plugging, backed by his wife, Linda.
In addition to the Atlantic states, rain and occasional thunderstorms also spread over the upper Ohio Valley and the northern and central Appalachians.
The team is up against 31 other schools in the 10-day "Sunrayce" contest for solar-powered cars that is to end today.
Rosier was indicted 11 months after his wife's death when he said in a television interview that he "administered something to terminate her life" and wrote a book about how she died.
Even after being questioned about the huge profit margins for the early arms sales to Iran, Adm.
Brown & Sons Inc., said Thursday after the retailers announced their August sales figures.
"It is well documented that Mr. Wallach enjoyed unparalleled access to Mr. Meese, and saw him frequently throughout the time Mr. Meese was in the White House and at the Justice Department," said Weld.
The band adopted Satiacum in 1987.
Pakistan ordered the attack on Jalalabad following a March 5 meeting attended by U.S. Ambassador Robert Oakley, The Times quoted a Pakistani participant and other officials as saying.
Iraq also was reported to be mining Kuwaiti ports and refineries.
Over 1992, the best performer was Lazard Money Market, with a return of 7 per cent.
He said U.S. assertions of support for Lebanon's independence and calls for the departure of foreign troops are no substitute for a vigorous policy.
Early today, about 40 people gathered in a cow pasture across from the Florida State Prison to protest the execution.
The hard part comes once the novelty wears off and the marketing blitz subsides.
Meantime, conference workshops and sessions still include the latest outlooks for farm commodities, the crops and livestock products that are the main stem of the agricultural economy.
However, some of the rise was attributable to the volatile transportation category, which was up 11.4%.
Writing in Chinese characters was imported from Paekche in Korea in 285.
A CIP spokesman said the company is abandoning the heavy-duty paper bag business to concentrate on its main businesses, which include newsprint, pulp, containers and tissue.
In these instances, he said, the panel would be looking at a broad range of similar transactions in an attempt to reach a decision which would be applicable to the activities of a broad range of market participants.
Spokesman Richard Gulla says the reduction will be company wide, with no particular department targeted.
The agreements announced would increase the number of seats directly elected to the 1995-1999 legislatures from 18 to 20. There are 60 seats in legislature, which is chosen by the government and special interest groups.
"Let's crush the anti-democratic merger that tramples the people's sovereignty!" yelled students, demanding the dissolution of a new governing party created by the merger of Roh's party with two others.
QFB didn't offer further details, but Irwin Gold, a lawyer representing Petrolane's bondholders, says the cut in interest payments to bondholders would be "of some magnitude."
Mr Phippen said this was projected to rise to over 30 per cent in the current year and to about 45 per cent in 1994-95. Capital spending in the current year was forecast at some Pounds 24m with another 716 beds due to open.
Soviet Premier Nikolai I. Ryzhkov and Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze joined Gorbachev for the meeting with Modrow, who arrived in Moscow on a one-day visit late Monday.
That kind of reform "requires highly skilled leaders who are paid well," Hersey said.
Executive Life attracted eight bids before a deadline in a court-supervised auction of the failed insurer.
He started to make products to deal with the hair conditions that kept turning up in his salon.
Inland Revenue officials are travelling to Washington this week for talks with the US Treasury.
They've slowed their buying, but they haven't started taking money out of equities." Despite the recent easing in stock fund purchases, Mr. Pitts says that April will be Oppenheimer's best month ever for stock fund inflows.
Before his election as attorney general in 1982, Van de Kamp served seven years as Los Angeles County district attorney, five years as federal public defender and two years as assistant federal public defender in Los Angeles.
Sheik Raed Salah Mahajneh, a Moslem preacher and new mayor of Umm el-Fahm, said his party won because the town is in disrepair and has a debt of $3.9 million.
Stanley Chesley, the lead lawyer for the residents, has said lawyers expect the monitoring will last 30 to 40 years and track such things as lung cancer and kidney diseases usually associated with uranium pollution.
In future, Stafford-Clark will head a new company, Out of Joint.
Separately, Duke said the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issued a preliminary order prohibiting Duke from recovering the abandonment costs on the two plants in the rates that it charges its partners in the Catawba Nuclear Station.
Iraq has denied using chemical weapons.
Pinochet as president for the next 10 years.
Khomeini, 86, died in a Tehran hospital of a heart attack 11 days after undergoing surgery May 23 for internal bleeding.
JEAN Courtiere, President Directeur-General of Parfums Givenchy SA is sitting at his desk in Le Vallois in Paris sniffing.
Canadian voters are about to decide the future of the world's largest bilateral trading relationship.
'There is some improvement in exports if you take a rolling average,' says Ms Esther Baroudy, senior economist at Credit Lyonnais Capital Markets.
General Cinema, which invested only $300 million in Carter Hawley when it rode in as an ally two years ago, will wind up with control of the specialty outlets while it escapes from the lower-profit department store game.
The resulting higher interest rates will trigger a recession in 1990, he figures.
Some of OPEC's poorer members, such as Algeria, would like the Saudis and some other major producers to cut back on production immediately in order to help firm up prices.
She acknowledges that there is some unwillingness among banks to lend but says there isn't any great clamor from consumers and businesses to borrow, either.
Nearly a million foreigners - many of them citizens of impoverished Asian countries - had come for the same reason.
The average yield was 7.84 percent, down from 8.18 percent at the last auction on Sept. 25.
The union also is engaged in a bitter strike against the Pittston Coal Group Inc. in West Virginia, Virginia and Kentucky.
Delvalle fired military strongman Manuel Antonio Noriega last Thursday but the defense chief ignored the order and rallied his allies in the National Assembly against the president.
Convoys of army trucks spew black smoke along the narrow roads.
The company aims for 1988 results to at least match 1987's net income of 1.83 billion francs.
Unocal Corp. said Friday it had agreed to sell a Norwegian oil and gas subsidiary for $322 million, the latest in a series of asset sales by the parent of Union Oil Co. of California.
It is still a living beach.
It has been a good week for North American executives who supposedly lost out in the John Akers/Lou Gerstner succession at IBM.
ADT Ltd., Hamilton, Bermuda, started trading American depository receipts with the symbol ADTLY.
Preussag AG announced plans to acquire the Salzgitter AG steelmaking and engineering group from the West German government for a price reportedly exceeding two billion marks ($1.06 billion).
In 1981 she was named the first woman maintenance squadron commander in the Strategic Air Command at McConnell Air Force Base in Kansas.
Most Romanians think of gypsies as idlers and thieves.
The decisions were released as Gesell took the bench for a third straight day of closed hearings on North's objections to censoring 395 government documents that independent counsel Lawrence E. Walsh wants to use as evidence against him.
Bright Banc, with $3.1 billion in assets, is the biggest failed thrift in Texas and the largest yet sold by the Resolution Trust Corp.
After the storm has passed: _Seek assistance if needed in Red Cross shelters.
Nugent's new wife, who now works for a video production firm, said she had never heard much of Nugent before meeting him in October.
The attack followed an outburst of anti-U.S. sentiment spurred by incidents involving American athletes and news media during the Olympics.
Then, in effect, they'd split up the New York-based textile giant, forgoing a continuation of a costly bidding contest.
"I can't find a cure for AIDS.
The nation's church leaders met 30 years ago in an attempt to forge a united front to challenge apartheid, but the agreement collapsed when the Dutch Reformed Church rejected it.
GE spokesman George Jamison said Thursday the Connecticut-based company's offer of $54 per share would be extended until 5 p.m. Monday.
She has an excellent sense of dynamics, offering a constant interplay of soft and loud passages.
"When there's a gap as big as there is between our share price and (breakup value) you have to take it seriously just as a technical matter," Martin told the Journal.
The revocation involves chlorzoxazone, a generic version of Parafon Forte, made by a Johnson & Johnson division.
Many died in the harsh conditions there.
At the Ottawa conference, Baker was to continue discussions with Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze on troop reductions in Europe and weapons cuts.
The elections remained the main event, but have had to share space in the media with a dispute between the Civic Forum and the Christian Democrats.
Baggott was offering 19th century Lancashire clogs at Pounds 65 a pair.
In May I proposed that both houses of Congress, both sides of the aisle, join together with our administration in a bipartisan executive-legislative task force to advance America's unified anti-drug policy.
The prospectus notes "there can be no assurance" that future growth will continue at past levels.
We would tell them, `You are under possible assessment by a foreign intelligence operation.
The 7th Armored Brigade, successors to the famous "Desert Rats" of World War II, will arrive late next month with 120 Challenger tanks and 6,000 troops.
Greece's state minister, Nikos Temelis, said after the ceremony that his country would work toward furthering cooperation between the two nations.
The second night of violence also began at an apartment complex, where police were confronted by an estimated 1,000 people.
Christie introduced him in her first novel, "The Mysterious Affair at Styles," published in 1920.
Transfer:4+ hours from Munich.
The creation of a single European Community market for automobiles could expose Europe's auto industry to even stiffer competition and open France, Britain, Spain and Italy to a surge of imports from Japan.
Heaven and Mr William Cash alone know what the prime minister's response would be. Mr Major may never be put to this particular torture.
Ms. Bhutto, 35, was pregnant with her first child last year when Pakistan's military leader, Mohammed Zia ul-Haq, announced elections.
When Haig's presidential star faded early, he declared his support for Senate Republican leader Robert Dole of Kansas.
At year end, the company had about $15 billion in assets.
"That's not the issue," he said. "I got enough votes to become the president.
Normandy was the scene of the Allied invasion in 1944 and saw intense fighting that left behind thousands of bombs and mines that often turn up unexpectedly.
He said Greek ties with the PLO would resemble those now existing between France and the PLO.
But a lawyer for Volkswagen of America, seeking pictures of an auto accident from a newspaper photographer, said journalists should be compelled to surrender evidence that is vital to a private lawsuit.
The insurrection was the first in Argentina since Menem took office in July 1989.
Nearly 70 per cent did not know the rate charged on their card, and only 15 per cent guessed in the correct range of 22-25 per cent. The survey found that around 37 per cent of card holders do not pay off their balance in full each month.
Airspace Technology was awarded a $10.7 million Navy contract to operate telecommunications equipment.
The ascendancy of Mr. Roemer, a 44-year-old former congressman, also proved that Louisiana had reached the limits of its toleration for embarrassment.
What should we be doing with our armed forces which we are both reforming and reducing?
Chile's calamitous economic career since then has been accompanied by pleas from the Journal to give Gen.
The accompanying social changes are slowly forcing changes in the way business is conducted and in the way the bureaucracy works.
According to intelligence sources, Lt.
David Sendler, TV Guide's national section editor, acknowledged the illustration could be mistaken for a photograph.
But earlier heavy issuance of Remic deals that settle in December is creating a groundswell of demand for the securities that back those offerings.
Talk of the missing gold first surfaced when some former employees started to complain about unexplained amounts on their W-2 tax forms.
She made up the difference from her purse.
Wren said late Sunday he did not know if Rothmeier knew of the request.
Separately, Moody's Investor's Service said it placed the company's Baa-2 rating on long-term debt of about $53 million under review for possible downgrade.
The plane is only 2 years old and it was in good condition," Lo said.
Traditional defense-minded Democrats such as Charles Bennett and Sam Stratton sit on the committee beside such highly motivated liberals as Pat Schroeder, Nicholas Mavroules and Ron Dellums.
Begin resigned abruptly in 1983, at the height of Israel's military involvement in Lebanon.
He said he would open the envelopes early only if there was imminent danger that one juror might drop out or if it appeared that deliberations were getting bogged down.
The Hunt campaign sent a new series of ads to TV stations late last week.
According to Imperial Household Agency rules, he may be seen but not heard on television, except in rare appearances before the public, and palace officials refuse to describe his private conversations.
When the statistics laid the exalted mantel of extreme livability on Pittsburgh, a city once known as "hell with the lid off," even Rand McNally didn't believe it at first.
And he came all the way up from poverty without so much as a university education.
Mr. Souter doesn't have any reputation for the kind of conservative judicial activism that aroused fierce opposition to President Reagan's nomination of Robert Bork in 1987.
Stuart, who was shot in the stomach, provided a description of an assailant, and the crime riveted the nation as a chilling example of urban violence.
"They are getting a lot more than they could build on their own," he said.
Strong buying from North America and Europe stopped the dollar's drop, traders said.
Bruce Viclad, president of the United Hospital Fund in New York, who recently reviewed data on AIDS cases there, said his organization found the CDC estimate a little high and said the Hudson Institute estimates were improbable.
Yasukuni Shrine was established in 1869 to honor Japan's war dead.
There have been several cases in recent years of Sikh extremists killing the entire families of Hindus or Sikhs suspected of being police informers.
He is acknowledged as a heavy-weight in President Patricio Aylwin's cabinet.
He was arrested in September.
Cubana, in step with the times, has a toll-free 800-number.
The quake, registering 2.5 on the Richter scale of ground motion, hit the area around the Western Deep Levels East mine late Wednesday, the Anglo American Corp. said.
Maximum Speed: Mach 0.9 Grumman A-6E Intruder Payload: 6,000 lbs. of bombs, plus air-to-ground and air-to-air missiles.
Already, however, a rental car out of Salt Lake airport gets hit with nearly a 10% levy.
Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. said it has filed a settlement proposal on litigation stemming from its $1.1 billion restructuring, which thwarted a hostile takeover bid last December.
In its frequent second-guessing of the colonial administration, Xinhua has come to be viewed widely as a parallel authority in the territory.
But St. Louis-based McDonnell Douglas, with several military aircraft lines slated for termination and manufactuing problems still dogging its commercial-airliner business, finds itself in an especially dire situation.
Mr. Henkel's nomination was pushed by former Sen. Mack Mattingly, a Georgia Republican who served on the Senate Banking Committee.
Pan Am officials have said they expect the British eventually to give their approval.
Takeover investor Harold Simmons said the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating his stock purchases in target Georgia Gulf Corp.
Her only child, a daughter, died of a heart attack brought on by alcoholism and other addictions at the age of 45 the same year.
As usual, the government said the guerrillas were assisted by "Pakistani militiamen and Wahhabis tied to Saudi Arabia."
The main change will be moral.
Why is the company bucking the industry trend? Because, as Mr. Woodward and other insiders are quick to suggest, no one trend exists.
It works this way: Experienced seamen must spend longer rotations at sea, worsening the problems of family separations and low morale.
Rats are in abundance in India and are considered holy by the Hindus, the country's religious majority.
His peace initiative is too important to be stopped in its tracks by the unserious custom of finding fault with his motives, or his methods or, alas too often, his results. Admittedly his score in all three areas is less than perfect.
When a Jackson news conference is disrupted by protesters, Mr. Prentnieks moves toward the protesters to size up the shot, but decides against it.
The U.S. Supreme Court agreed to consider only one provision: a $72-a-ton levy imposed on waste coming from out of state.
The premier said that only he can prevent a return to the turbulence of the 1970s, when terrorism and an economic crisis paved the way for a 1980 military takeover.
A slick, watchable, more immediate style is what the producers of "USA Today: The Television Show" hope will make it different.
Among active blue chips, International Business Machines advanced 2&lsqb; to 107.
PETE V. DOMENICI Domenici was granted an extension to June 16.
But for the moment, says Mr. Keynes, his son's arrangements cost less than a conventional group home.
It's the second time in a year that an exhibit at the school has stirred controversy.
Back in the March Budget, Mr Norman Lamont, then chancellor, forecast a PSBR of Pounds 50bn (Dollars 74.5bn) for 1993-94. Eight months into the financial year, the Bank has completed about Pounds 43bn of gilt funding.
Judith Howarth dealt confidently with Eigen's music, but Arthur Davies sounded unhappy as Orbin.
SWAPO has been favored to win pre-independence elections scheduled for November under the U.N. plan.
"The overwhelming view of the council was that this was a matter of deep conscience, conviction and religion" on the part of union members, AFL-CIO President Lane Kirkland said.
But even this figure raises skepticism.
At one Texas company, a computer "time bomb" planted by a fired employee wiped out 168,000 payroll records three years ago.
'I'll pick it up and put it straight in the box.' The general indifference towards next month's elections is partly because the political parties have yet to launch their campaigns.
Murillo _ hair cut in a short punk style, dressed in tight yellow pants and a Hawaiian-style flowered shirt _ said she worried about the new government's cultural conservatism.
Still, they are friendly, peace-loving little shards of light, vaguely reminiscent of the ethereal creatures in Ron Howard's "Cocoon." Deepcore's crew is a lovable bunch of hardcore riggers led by Bud Brigman (Ed Harris).
They include such industrial stalwarts as Westinghouse, such retail giants as K mart and J.C. Penney, Tandy Corp., and toy companies such as Mattel.
But Charles I. Clough Jr., chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co., said it might be too early to turn aggressive.
That sale will complete the refunding auction.
"The hot weather just about melted him away," Mr. Corbett says with a sigh.
Sihanouk said the war would continue between Hun Sen forces and the thrid faction of his resistance coalition, the Communist Khmer Rouge, which boycotted the Tokyo conference sessions and did not sign the communique.
Such middle-class manners and mannerisms are what make Drabble novels so popular here and in the U.S. Ms. Drabble is the middle-class achiever's novelist.
To be sure, a huge imponderable in all this is Federal Reserve policy.
Like others, Lugar noted that a probable silver lining to their worries is the continued cohesiveness of the Soviet military.
The initial draw will be $40 million, $20 million of which will replace $20 million previously loaned to meet an interest payment on the Trump Castle bonds.
The prey in their twice-monthly meals, he noted, ends up in the common stomach.
They could choose among any number of new parties, usually led by totally new politicians.
Miss Estefan was nominated in February for best pop vocal performance by a female for the single "Don't Wanna Lose You" in the Grammy awards.
Chief among these are agriculture, services and subsidies.
Although fraternal ties with vendors have been common for decades in Japan, U.S. companies "tend to regard the supplier as their enemy," says Terry Ozan, national director of manufacturing services at Ernst & Young.
However, the lack of voting rights would still be unacceptable to US institutions, and the establishment of the trusts might still cause a drop in foreign premiums as non-US investors moved from the foreign board to the trusts.
The design is slick: The system consists of just a keyboard and a monitor, because a "Personality Pack" containing the computer attaches to the back of the monitor.
The rally, although powerful, will be short-lived, he says.
The new transport and construction ministers meet often to try to co-ordinate policy in areas like urban development and infrastructure spending, where their departments were sometimes at loggerheads. This co-operation is the exception at the moment.
He does not know why he put on so much weight but said it forced him to quit his job and go on disability eight years ago.
At yesterday's hearing, Mr Jim Leach, the ranking Republican member of the banking committee, said the present system was 'indefensible'.
Phillips & Drew Fund Management said it had sold 9m shares on Tuesday, reducing its holding to 13.71 per cent from 14.6 per cent.
The markets attach particular weight to the Social Democrats' policies because of their strong lead in opinion polls.
DiMartino said Wright admitted to the three attacks he was charged with, but didn't have a clear motive.
He became president of Nynex Mobile in 1986, and has briefly been chairman of the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association, the main trade group for the cellular industry.
The company said it expects profit of about $390,000, or 25 cents a share, on sales of $12.5 million.
Western relief sources, who confirmed the report, said the move would cause additional problems in international efforts to avert mass starvation.
"It's a domino effect.
The panel also killed a bill that would have required the sale of guns from one private owner to another be reported to state police, and one that would have increased penalties for people caught carrying guns without permits.
Kansas City Southern, however, is the only concern that has so far publicly expressed an interest in Southern Pacific.
It will also be used by San Miguel in preparation for the export market.
If procedures are followed, the law does not oblige employers to pay redundancy pay; in practice employers rarely do so. Salaried employees come under separate legislation.
Bush plans to meet with the Senate Democrats at the White House early on Tuesday.
The pocket computer, wired to the earpiece, makes it bulkier than other recent hearing aids.
The two bills were introduced in January after a deranged drifter, Patrick Purdy, opened fire at a crowded Stockton schoolyard, killing five young students and wounding 29 others, as well as a teacher.
The federal government has alleged in a civil suit that the California thrift was used by Mr. Keating and the others as a cash cow for their personal gain.
Manuel Antonio Noriega, and sources today said the Roman Catholic church would issue its harshest denunciation yet of the military strongman.
Divers pulled seven bodies from a murky, rain-swollen river Sunday where at least that many people died when a 50-year-old U.S. highway bridge collapsed.
Li paid tribute to the force for helping crush the spring democracy movement, but added, "China faces a long-term struggle and we cannot afford to slacken our vigilance," Xinhua said.
I don't think you should just reduce it to a black-white situation," Jackson replied.
He was in stable condition in intensive care after being in surgery all night.
William John Paterson, 22; Sgt. Michael James Winkler, 31; Signaller Mark Robert Clavey, 24, and Lance Cpl.
Van Dam and Harvey Van Soolen, 50, were found before dawn Saturday atop a capsized 22-foot sailboat, said county sheriff's Capt.
Although many traders had predicted a much more modest gain for the Nikkei Monday, buying by the Big Four firms fueled strong gains in the index, particularly during the last 30 minutes of trading.
Like the raucous chair-throwing sessions and fights that break out in the Yuan, Hsu's unusual campaign for the December vote indicates how much the island has changed since martial law.
The highly controversial theory says such impacts kicked up dust and triggered smoky fires that blocked enough sunlight to freeze many creatures and deprive others of food supplies.
Scottish Hydro-Electric rose 1 1/2 to 103 1/2 p on turnover of 8.6m. Kleinwort Benson successfully placed 8.93m new shares in property development and construction company Wilson (Connolly) at 192p.
There even is a picture of heavyweight boxer Oscar Bonavena, who was gunned down at the gates of the Mustang in 1976 by Conforte bodyguard Willard Ross Brymer.
The government of Baden-Wuerttemberg state has contributed about $1.5 million to Jewish cultural societies to help them recover from a multimillion-dollar embezzlement, a newspaper reported today.
If it hadn't been for that destroyer, I would probably be dead," Nguyen, 20, said in an interview just before Independence Day.
This year Boeing was awarded $85 million for research and development of the Sea Lance, a conventional warhead being developed to attack submarines at long range from surface ships and other submarines.
The Supreme Court refused Monday to help states ban deceptive advertising by airlines.
At the rear, tourists in swimsuits try on fur hats and winter coats.
During the trial, the judge had called the case "an unprecedented prosecution" because it involved world figures, including a former head of state who was a major U.S. ally.
Twenty-four liquid-fueled thrusters help point the spacecraft and adjust its trajectory.
The meeting was to have been held in Paris.
There was no mention of that raid in the Iraqi communique, which declared that Iraq would inflict "further painful blows on the Iranian regime" until it complies with the U.N. Security Council cease-fire resolution passed last July 20.
Specifically, electric utilities surged on lower oil prices and the outlook for lower interest rates.
She has noted, for instance, "various ethnic preferences" in aspirin taking.
It did not give the cause of death or say where the death occurred.
Europe is ripe for some of the cargo services pioneered in the U.S., European airlines and other cargo specialists say.
Wheat and corn prices were up slightly while soybeans were down from a month earlier.
They are anything but logical.
Cambrian & General's capital shares rose one pence to 223 pence ($3.56) but the ordinary shares were unchanged at 136 pence ($2.17) in late trading yesterday on the London stock exchange.
The number reported by the Commerce Department instead sent the dollar up two pfennigs against the mark within five minutes.
"A couple of the events are cruising and drinking and getting out of hand," Bono said. "For the locals, it's a time we dread." Enter Anheuser-Busch, which tries to get its message across before the students hit town.
Wan's brother and father still work in the financial section of the company, he said.
Thousands of rockers, rappers and producers from as far away as the Soviet Union chased down record contracts at one of the country's biggest music conventions, which graduated the likes of Madonna and Run DMC.
Authors always tell us to place the long-term features first, but new ideas intrude and new possibilities emerge as the site is progressively tamed. I have long-term designs on a low sweet-scented hedge of sarcocca which flowers in winter.
In 1955, British Coal's staff totalled over 700,000. It is now 44,000. In other words, over the long haul the economic logic is winning.
It takes very little low margin domestic waste. Margins in the special waste division rose from 8 per cent to more than 20 per cent as the group moved out of treatment of bulk products and focused more on smaller, more hazardous chemicals.
"My attitude was that I'd get a manager and make a living, not that I'd become a star," he said.
Sunflower seeds are a source of an alternative to soybean oil.
Alton Slay, chairman of the National Research Council committee, told reporters.
An in-flight failure could hinder the flow of fuel to the engine.
An officer headed toward Charity Hospital with Archie, but Woodfork said officials decided to take him first to a police station because he might be in danger from Hauck's fellow officers, who had gathered at the hospital.
'My friend was butchered last week,' said a 65-year-old Croat peasant woman.
Some participants went to other ticket offices in the area to demonstrate opposition to flying Eastern, Continental and Scandinavian Airlines, which has financial ties to Texas Air.
The dollar traded at 130.27 yen in London, and at 130.60 yen in New York, up from 129.79 yen late Tuesday.
Alcoa also said its directors acted to redeem all rights outstanding under the company's 1986 shareholder rights plan. These rights currently trade with Alcoa common stock.
Spokeswoman Lynn McMahon said Stormie had experienced mild rejection and physicians adjusted her medication.
The White House had moved its entire press operation to the gymnasium of George Washington University six blocks from the White House.
His performance on "Saturday Night Live" prompted boycotts of the program by cast member Nora Dunn and singer Sinead O'Connor.
'When they went on strike in 1989, Gorbachev fell.
The Japanese yen is playing an increased role in international banking transactions, the Bank for International Settlements said.
The affair will raise money to further research and help victims of retinitis pigmentosa, a hereditary retinal disease that causes progressive loss of vision.
"The twenties seems a decade of brave beginnings," he writes.
Swallowing the berries can lead to diarrhea, vomiting and depression of the central nervous system, the Poison Control Center says.
'A strong management would take control of the situation, but there's no one with the guts or the knowhow to do it,' says one Philharmonic insider.
Hands shoot up all over.
It's been hard," says the 42-year-old, Seattle-based singer.
They called it unnecessary and a waste of billions of dollars already invested at Stapleton.
With the stock market open, analysts now are advising him of that morning's developments in stocks he already owns at the same time that investment bankers are trying to sell him more deals.
Gov. Bob Martinez on Wednesday extended his call for a special session of the Florida Legislature Oct. 10 on abortion to include revision of child protection laws.
Cavazos also said his department will take administrative steps and submit a package of legislative proposals to Congress as part of a strategy to ease the default problem, which is expected to cost taxpayers $1.8 billion this fiscal year.
He said the rate of implementation would depend on the ANC's adherence to its promise to end all violence.
Orders for durable goods, a key benchmark for the economy, surged 6.7 percent in March, and purchasing managers reported that the manufacturing economy expanded for the first time in 11 months in April.
The idea of a legal consumer-rights watchdog organization was hatched at a Washington cocktail party in 1978 by two Rhodes scholars, who then founded HALT.
This is considerably greater than the 3% increase seen for all deaths in the U.S.
The meltdown may even effect the future of entire markets.
Among other things, says one U.S. official scheduled to attend the talks, export controls will likely be ended for all PC models, including the most advanced generation using Intel Corp.'s i486 chips.
He had his vices, he acknowledged.
Temperatures were in the teens while some residents tied sheets and blankets together to slide from their windows down the five-story building's walls.
Martin, in Illinois on Friday, was informed only an hour ahead of the formal announcement that she had landed the job, an administration source said.
"I was stunned at the order reversing the forfeiture," James Deichert, chief of the Justice Department's organized crime strike force in Atlanta, told a panel of 12 senators hearing evidence against Hastings.
"I would like to talk to her without her parents present to determine in fact that she is acting according to her own free will," Kelly said.
One day American tourists will arrive at Heathrow Airport and find that English taxi drivers no longer speak English, or know where to find back streets and the English bed and breakfast will call itself a motel.
Vento said he hoped to move the bill, which has six Democratic co-sponsors, before Congress adjourns next month.
"It's periods like this when I think the thing can break out."
This has helped offset falling sales.
Margaret Thatcher, one of freedom's greatest champions of the last decade, told me that, while NATO has been fantastically successful, we should be ready now to face new challenges.
There are no designated shipping lanes along the reef around the Florida Keys, Jackson said.
In 1990 commercial bank lending to small business grew by 11 per cent but public lending rose by almost 20 per cent.
A Utah man received a suspended jail sentence and paid a $2,500 fine for understating his income so his wife could get a $5,000 student loan.
Mr. Peterson's elevation leapfrogs him over two executive vice presidents.
The Finance Ministry said Japan's reserves of gold, convertible foreign currencies and special drawing rights (SDRs) grew $3.44 billion in December to $81.48 billion.
Rep. Jim McDermott, D-Wash., who visited Casolo in prison, said: "There are many individuals who do not receive such fortunate treatment and who do not have the benefit of so many friends in America.
Rhone-Poulenc, which returned to profit in 1984 after four years of losses, is one of 25 government-owned business groups scheduled for denationalization.
Rather than break new ground, the proposed laws would formalize changes already under way in the economy and clear up confusion over the new practices.
On Wednesday, however, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., jury convicted record store owner Charles Freeman of obscenity for selling a sexually explicit record by the rap group 2 Live Crew.
Trading and financial institutions have disappeared overnight.
For years, most local politicians have accepted the idea of a spit-and-polish force that is both efficient and cost-effective.
"I cannot meet with the leader of an invading nation," Garcia said Thursday.
If workers in mines not included in current negotiations join in sympathy strikes, a total of 300,000 miners could be on strike, he said.
But, although he admitted resorting to cannibalism to stay alive after the group became stranded in the snow, Packer maintained until his death that he had killed only one.
These include public utilities and oil supply, finance, securities and insurance, land and housing.
"I never seen anybody run that fast," said Constable John Brown, who was escorting Bailey.
Rep. E. Thomas Coleman, R-Mo., a key figure in House negotiations on the endowment's future, said the report could serve as the possible framework for a compromise.
The results compare with earnings of Dollars 124.3m, or 67 cents, on sales of Dollars 1.47bn a year earlier.
Though French officials generally said a reversal of the decision is unlikely, one official who declined to be named said, "You can't rule anything out."
As the grandson of a Georgia sharecropper, he shores up the administration's vulnerability among Southern senators with large black constituencies who feared retribution if they supported Mr. Bork, the crusty elitist.
Hugh Johnson, a senior vice president at First Albany Corp., said the overriding sentiment among investors is reluctance.
Although so far it has been allowed substantially higher price increases than its colleagues to fund the expenditure, this status may well come under pressure in next year's review.
"The Federal Reserve does not need a new credit crisis," said James Grant in the issue published Friday of his newsletter Grant's Interest Rate Observer.
In 1983, 71 per cent of people engaged in small-scale economic activity voted conservative. Asked about the banks, almost a quarter of businesses polled said relations had worsened during 1991 while 19 per cent said they had improved.
Saudi Arabia's foreign minister pointedly reminded Iraq today that the United Nations has not ruled out the use of military force to liberate Kuwait.
Later, when reporters asked for comment, he replied: "That's interesting, that's what I think about it." The vice president's remark came as he traveled aboard Air Force Two to Cincinnati for the Major League All-Star Game Tuesday night.
By now, the seriousness of AIDS as a world-wide medical problem is well acknowledged.
The emergence of a new fault-line in Anglo-German relations on Wednesday night pushed the pound down to DM2.4770 in Asian trading, with the currency bottoming out at DM2.4680 in Europe yesterday.
I don't want to ennoble it too much, but it's about the strength of humanity of this woman as opposed to the cold, inhumane aspect of the law that said she shouldn't help anybody, under those circumstances.
Metzenbaum's bill would repeal the insurance industry's antitrust exemption but allow states to continue individually to regulate insurance.
A lengthy investigation by U.S., Italian and Canadian law enforcement authorities resulted in the arrests on Monday at seven locations in the city and on Long Island, law enforcement officials said.
HOW'S about this for a snapshot of the times in Britain?
The Reagan administration gradually was able at least to stop new spending initiatives.
Dart has more than 2,000 employees.
The restructuring will be expensive and arduous.
But Iran has said Western gestures of goodwill could prompt Iran to further help obtain the hostages' freedom.
Ernst & Young won a dismissal of regulators' claims that the accounting firm contributed to the failure of a thrift. The decision could affect other such suits against auditors.
The debate is designed to allow the government to bring back next month the legislation to ratify the treaty. No one at Westminster doubts that the prime minister feels strongly about the issue.
Durban and Oudtshoorn police kept a low profile, in accordance with the government's 10-day-old policy of permitting some political protests.
That approach has been used successfully recently in other industries.
George Mitchell showed the style he brings to the post of Senate majority leader when he was asked recently how the Democratic Congress would respond to George Bush's call for a cut in the capital gains tax.
Finding costs have soared,' the company said.
Outright acquisitions of other drug makers would be too costly, he said.
Philippine President Aquino directed her cabinet to draft a comprehensive agrarian program, and said she may sign it into law before a new Congress convenes in July.
They are followed by carts containing playing partners, the White House physician, military attache, Secret Service agents and a variety of aides.
Mr. Collor has recently suggested that employers and unions join together in a pact to keep wages and prices under control.
INEXORABLY, dividend cuts are moving closer to the centre of the British corporate establishment.
Orange County's loss on its investment portfolio now stands at Dollars 2.02bn, Mr Tom Hayes, the newly appointed chairman of the restructuring team said yesterday, Tony Jackson reports from New York.
Here is a message from President Reagan on the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah, which begins Sunday, as released by the White House Friday: I am pleased to send holiday greetings to the Jewish community during this season of Hanukkah 5749.
It's entirely possible, of course, that their enthusiasm came partly from the fact that most of them couldn't see much of what was going on.
Banks opposed the bill because of a provision that would have barred them from selling insurance nationwide.
Army radio reported a mass Israeli troop movement into the territories.
'But in spite of a clear weakening, there are still no symptoms of a recession.'
Some opposition leaders say the party is pushing the reforms because it does not have a strong candidate to run for president when Roh's five-year term expires in early 1993.
He did it all and generated the settlement.
"I want nothing to do with it," said Dr. Darrell J. Campbell Jr., a transplant specialist at the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor.
Terrified by a new wave of political violence, the family of an abducted human rights activist fled this country Saturday after spending nearly six weeks holed up in a room at the Red Cross.
'Obviously any charitable status of the employer or task would have a bearing on the decision,' it said. Sometimes individuals are able to incorporate unpaid work experience into government training schemes.
The Monterrey-based conglomerate, flexing the renewed strength of Mexico's private sector, conveyed its offer in a public letter to Anchor Chairman Vincent J. Naimoli.
Yet, even in these 'hot' spots, the level of radon can vary greatly between one house and its neighbour.
The anti-communist revolutions in Eastern Europe have yielded a bonanza for Israel in renewed diplomatic ties and the Israelis hope it also means the end of training and weapons support for Arab radicals.
Congress created the FCS more than 70 years ago to provide farmers with a dependable source of credit at competitive rates.
Hungary, for example, lacks the domestic market of Poland, but embarked on market-type reforms much earlier while both the Hungarians and the Czechs have greater access to international capital markets.
The majority of the 1,800 residents of the islands, whose economic mainstay is sheep-raising, are descendants of British sailors.
"Never before in the history of American criminal law has a court granted the prosecution such a one-sided bonanza of information about the defense case," lawyers Brendan V. Sullivan Jr. and Barry S. Simon said in the pleading filed Monday.
She said she agreed to go along with the killings, sometimes acting as a lookout, because she hoped it would bind their love.
'She said they were filthy.
International Paper raised prices of bleached board in August.
The bill passed the lower house of the Diet earlier this month, but the ruling Liberal Demoratic Party lacks a majority in the upper house and couldn't enlist sufficient opposition support for the measure.
Employers see that eager recruiting among groups like women, minorities and the disabled will help, instead of "fighting" the idea, says Fred Alvarez, a Labor Department official.
In the early 1970s, the report said, Americans ate an average of 151 pounds of red meat annually on a per capita basis, and about 49 pounds of poultry.
Soviet journalists threatened a strike and a group of legislators on Tuesday accused President Mikhail S. Gorbachev of using "pressure tactics" in his rebuke of some prominent, outspoken editors.
That is the job of a high-powered task force that is now said to be thinking the unthinkable on this and other contentious issues at Lloyd's.
Roemer met all day Sunday with his closest advisers on how to cut the budget.
Government sources have said Bloch was videotaped in Paris handing a briefcase to a Soviet agent.
In the first quarter, however, net imports totaled about 8.8 billion kwh, up 2.4% from a year earlier.
Teikoku Data Bank said 68 real estate companies with debts totaling 143.3 billion yen failed in April under the weight of continued high interest rates and government controls on lending.
The way you gain credibility here is doing these thingsor at least doing them enough to give the impression that you're doing them." That's only just begun.
It wants to protect its 'core values' of open access to the profession, flexible education and a common 'title' for accountants.
Jackson's white support, up from about 5 percent four years ago, was bolstered by a nearly unanimous black vote, WNBC-TV and ABC News polls said.
Jim Van Messel, co-executive producer of "Entertainment Tonight," says the show hasn't heard yet from any agents or lawyers offering to sell a client's grisly tale, but doesn't expect to wait long.
"The benefits of the EC single market will be amplified by economic and monetary union and a single currency," Christophersen said.
The stock, which proved immune to sharp declines in the market last week, fell 3 7/8 yesterday, to 36 5/8, even though the company reported higher earnings.
He's more British than the British." Rhys-Davies said he sees Joe Gargery as "a holy fool who is not wholly foolish." The miniseries also stars Anthony Hopkins as Magwitch, Jean Simmons as Miss Havisham, and Anthony Calf as Pip.
But it's a problem that some people are involved in heinous crimes, such as kidnapping and murder. FT: What can be done about corruption in Pakistani politics? BB: We are committed to the elimination of corruption.
The airlines say the air-traffic control system is obsolete and understaffed.
Eighteen people were arrested in an investigation into attempts by the Mafia to scare off competition for construction contracts.
Empty, there would be between two and three feet between the water and the top edge of the boat, said Coast Guard Lt.
Both the 1982-83 and 1985-86 occurrences did major harm to fishing off the West Coast.
Still, Cashman plainly relishes his role; as does John Rogan as the bewildered widower Mr McLeavy.
The scientists substituted the extruded whole soybeans for the meal in an effort to retain soy oil which is relatively high in polyunsaturated fat.
Its trade-weighted effective exchange rate is higher than during the second half of 1991 and early 1992.
Dickens's Hard Times is this year's choice, perhaps an appropriate title for an investment manager at the end of a deep recession.
Earlier last week, it was announced that Kuwait and Iran were restoring full diplomatic relations.
Hailed as the "Mozart of shipping" for his precociousness, Martinos entered the business as a teen-ager when his mother and her brothers _ a shipping lawyer and a sea captain _ bought their first ship.
It intends to collect more, for the satellite mapping of the forest zone and for conservation programs where the remaining forest is thickest.
Dr. Langston said research into MPTP also is seeking clues to the cause of Parkinson's.
That is surely not going to happen again, because governments have abandoned the gold peg for their currencies and have generally established targets for the minimum as well as the maximum annual growth rate of the money supply.
But the Royal Bank is increasingly aggressive these days and has now lured Leith Robertson, one of the Bank of Scotland's senior management buyout specialists, to become its corporate director in charge of mbos and acquisition finance.
We worked out all the safety aspects," he said.
He said it was followed by several aftershocks.
And once that becomes evident to investors, these optimistic analysts see nothing ahead but blue sky for stock prices.
Nov. 23 (Malta) Egyptair jet is hijacked, Egyptian commandos storm plane, 58 die, 24 are wounded.
But the audience was far smaller than on opening day.
Airport sources in Geneva said Bush and Syrian leader Hafez Assad were expected Friday in Geneva for a meeting.
Former British prime minister Sir Edward Heath yesterday secured the release of three British prisoners held in Iraq, write James Whittington in Amman and Agencies.
Their only source of flour is via the consortium, which coordinates with the city's six mills.
Mr. Weimert had been president of Community Shares' major subsidiary, Community Savings & Loan Association.
AMR had also sought to foil Mr. Trump in Congress by lobbying for legislation that would have bolstered the authority of the Transportation Department to reject airline buy-outs.
The big aluminum producer said the reorganization would result in Aluminum Co. of Canada replacing Alcan as the parent of the Alcan group.
However, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased 0.5% because of lower financecharge income, which is carried on the company's financial statements as a credit against expenses.
Mr. Greenberg of McDonald's, who doesn't see any evidence of a recession over the next year, says the recent rise in inflation isn't a nationwide trend.
Because idle farm land decimated the demand for labor, fertilizer, farm equipment and other ag inputs.
Named as an unindicted co-conspirator was Joe F. Justice, the imprisoned former president of the Florida Center Bank of Orlando, which went out of business in 1986.
Until today's inflation report, most economists believed that Federal Reserve policy-makers, meeting Monday, would stimulate the economy with another cut in interest rates before the end of the year.
So in a dance studio Thursday night, remembering the glory days, they practiced their jitterbugs and coffee-grinding and listened to Bobby Darin, Frankie Avalon and Neil Sedaka.
Here is a glance at West Germany's proposed treaty for full political unification with East Germany, which would follow the July 1 merger of the two nations' economies.
A pledge by the Contras not to dispatch any forces into Nicaragua from base camps in Honduras, in addition to withdrawing 2,000 of their estimated 5,000 troops based in Nicaragua.
Youths 19 and under accounted for 2,127 of the 29,453 suicides committed in the United States in 1985, the last year for which figures are available, according to the National Center for Health Statistics.
Hill underscored his supporting-actor role by saying that he not only had to win to surmount his Bismarck-boy image, but win big.
They will continue to attack where another dog will just bite and run away," Burns said.
Talks with Michigan Bell resumed Tuesday, and continued early Wednesday, said spokesmen for the utility and the union.
Bargain-hunting by U.S. investors helped some floating-rate note issues recover yesterday in an otherwise featureless Eurodollar bond session.
In state-operated butcher shops, meats are rationed and supplies of better quality cuts are erratic.
Krenz holds talks in Moscow with Gorbachev and announces East Germany has much to learn from Kremlin-style reforms.
It took almost an hour to introduce everybody.
Americans' disposable, or after-tax, incomes rose 1.7 percent in January after rising 0.9 percent in December and falling 0.3 percent in November.
Some 39 per cent of life insurance respondents said that sales volumes actually fell in the period, in spite of expectations that they would rise.
The judge ruled that only documents concerning trade secrets can be kept under seal.
Witnesses have identified members of these squads as prominent members of the ruling party or security force personnel in civilian clothes, it said.
The Stark's captain is being reassigned to shore duty, officials investigating the incident said.
Arthur Stevenson, an analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York, said the rumors incited heavy buying of sugar contracts by futures speculators.
What made the difference this time? "I liked her right away," Schulz said of Johnson, a columnist for the Memphis Commercial Appeal.
But any Dukakis strategy without the South would require an electoral shift of historic proportions for a Democratic victory in November.
Rangoon Radio said one monk had persuaded an unnamed political party to press for a speedy transfer of power in Burma and organized monks to overthrow the government.
"When you were above some of the holes, you just breathed on the ball and hoped it would stop around the cup."
The prince's backstage work included making tea for co-workers.
The criticism has extended to the "era of stagnation" under Leonid I. Brezhnev, who was Communist Party chief from 1964 to 1982.
Cristiani, who takes over June 1 as head of this country's U.S.-backed government, said Nicaragua is the main obstacle to regional peace.
Surgeons restarted her heart with cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
FORT SHERIDAN _ Located in suburban Chicago, Fort Sheridan is a graceful cluster of tan brick buildings that resembles a college campus.
The Soviet foreign minister met jointly with Communist Party officials and one of their harshest foes today and said later his country is determined to maintain good relations with both sides.
Currency dealers said the dollar was suffering from a period of listlessness in the foreign exchange markets and might move lower in the closing weeks of the year.
Some, as all good stories do, ended with a happy ever after.
This hasn't happened in the case of Hess's, causing concern in the credit community.
There was Michael Kirwan, a great appropriator who pushed for an aquarium in Washington because fish struck him as quiet and peaceful, a good influence in the capital.
After the UAW pattern agreement was reached, Chrysler said the deal was too expensive.
The dollar declined against the Japanese yen today, while share prices firmed.
They wanted the Pact to oppose the West's demand that a unified Germany join NATO.
The August incident and another in which a black man was shot to death by police sparked allegations of police racism and prompted City Council hearings on police brutality.
Late last year, a Wenzhou man who ran a private credit union was executed.
Lieberman has sought to outflank Weicker by portraying him as aloof from Connecticut concerns, and has attracted support from all parts of the political spectrum.
There are signs that Fox Network's Dollars 1.6bn investment in American football rights is paying off, while the losses from his Asian satellite venture were a modest Dollars 20m.
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Westamerica closed at $22.25 a share, down 75 cents.
But they acknowledged that the fears of a weak economy that led the Fed to ease slightly in January no longer existed.
These will be sent on a trial basis for as little as Pounds 1-2 each.
In the three months to June unit costs were just 0.1 per cent higher than in the same period last year, down from 1.3 per cent in the three months to May. Many analysts said they were pleased with the labour cost figures.
"I know a doctor who likes to be able to hop in a plane and fly whenever he wants," says Gerald Walton, an FAA official who until recently was the tower manager at Burbank.
Last week, the total fell by 21.
Rebels did not pursue the soldiers into Honduras, he said.
A company spokeswoman said higher material and labor costs led to the price increase.
Since all the Community's neighbours are now designated 'safe' countries, this means that the Community expects Switzerland, Austria, the Czech Republic, Poland and others to deal with Europe's refugee problem.
The bond markets' lethargy contrasted sharply with the euphoria that gripped the stock market.
While no one is likely to take to the streets again soon, the spirit of resistance seems to be building anew.
In the 1980s, the S&Ls eerily re-enacted this precedent.
When he launched the Sun in September, Ingersoll said he wanted to prove that new newspapers, if properly designed and promoted, could be introduced in the United States just as they had been in other countries.
Nonetheless, some analysts had expected a gap of as little as 600 million dollars, and the Australian currency slipped after the figure was released.
Some ended up in "Closer Than Ever." Other songs for "Closer Than Ever" were orphans from "Baby," the duo's one Broadway musical that had a seven-month run during the 1983-84 season.
Two mid-tier City accountancy firms, Wilson Green and Silver Altman, have announced a merger. The new firm will practice from October 1 as Wilson Silver Altman.
The Canadian natural resources company was once controlled by fugitive financier John C. Doyle.
Sheriff Aarvis Whitman calls the home a prison and has refused to send back runaways.
In a statement, Amal accused Hezbollah's fighters of booby-trapping corpses in Jarjou.
She said he was expected to arrive in Paris on Friday night.
The company didn't say how much extra production there would be but dealers estimated that it would amount to an additional 150,000 ounces, which would bring the company's annual output to 1.4 million ounces.
The first episode, "The Taste of Democracy," examines the foundations of perestroika, using excellent archival photos and footage to track Gorbachev's rise to power and the systemic failure of the Soviet bureaucracy.
That job, of course, is to bury inflation so deeply it cannot arise again for years.
He said the whole question of the national emergency was under constant review and it would be lifted as soon as circumstances permit.
In their report in the current issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine, the Cedars-Sinai researchers said they found no evidence that the surgery was more difficult in women than men.
And if a constitution won't immediately ease the Philippines's jitters, a show of strength by Mrs. Aquino possibly will.
Asked when he thought he would feel safe, he said, "When Charles dies." "Obviously, he is very concerned and he has every reason to be," state Department of Corrections spokesman Tipton Kindel said in Sacramento.
Mrs. Thatcher declared in her own speech that German unification should not weaken security and said U.S. and British troops and NATO nuclear missiles must remain in a united Germany.
But former Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger made clear he didn't think the concept was funny when it applied to Pentagon spending.
Pakistan has diverted for its own use millions of dollars of Stinger anti-aircraft missiles intended for U.S.-backed Afghan rebels, United Press International quoted intelligence sources as saying.
They grew in number from 7,500 in 1978 to 19,400 in 1991. The Royal Society says no researcher should have to undertake more than two short-term contracts.
A disposable camera that can be had for under $10.
By attempting to reconcile some of these bitter enemies, Mr. Gorbachev is seeking to establish himself as the unlikely heir to Henry Kissinger and Anwar Sadat as the region's preeminent deal maker.
Drexel played a role in many of them.
Anti-independence legislators did not participate in the vote, it reported.
Now it's the Congress' fault."' Despite officials' claims that the bill must pass, there hasn't been much lobbying by top administration officials, noted Sen. Donald W. Riegle, D-Mich.
He vowed to his mother that he would sing at a Spanish song festival, and Iglesias kept his vow in 1968.
Now Texans will have a choice between one of their own for the top job or for No. 2, and they're likely to go for the big prize, he said.
Patricia Mathis, 33, his mother, said tears just streamed down her face.
Despite the problems, everyone seemed to enjoy it.
The report, which the Agriculture Department released after the close, was in line with analysts' predictions.
An infant nursed by a mother who regularly consumed Lake Michigan fish would be exposed to 6.2 milligrams of PCB by the end of 12 months, Swain said.
Eight doctors and specialists from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, not previously known as a refuge for conservatives, have just reported their findings from an in-depth study of several hundred homeless people in Baltimore.
Elsewhere in the Leningrad TV clip, Mr. Joel offers a summary of his beginning as a rock musician.
He is prepared to spend his money in the U.S. instead if the new FDA rules make the drugs available here.
Lokmaya's village of Balambhu has better health care than most in this nation of 17 million people.
It said at least 300 students were arrested in Orumiyeh.
America West has about 10.7 million common shares outstanding.
Dukakis, for his part, claims he has cut a record amount in taxes.
Despite congressional approval of the act, several legislators expressed concern over the precedent of closing a station through government edict instead of through the courts.
The stock market declined today in fairly quiet trading, pressured by growing talk of a recession amid ongoing concern about inflation.
Meanwhile, the losses were partially offset by higher profit from securities and foreign-exchange trading and gains from venture capital activities and loan sales, among other things, Chemical said.
The company in May announced that it was cutting the quarterly dividend in half to five cents a share as a result.
The huge amount of damages was based on Pennzoil's assertion that $7.53 billion would be needed to drill for as much oil as it would have acquired in the deal with Getty.
In issuing the new statement, which was stronger than expected, the G-7 nations in effect are betting that they can force currency markets to stop driving the dollar down.
He was convicted on two counts of filing false income tax returns for failing to report more than $350,000 in income from gambling, autograph signing and baseball memorabilia sales.
This is usually confined to the local producing association and the republican government.
And he said that, overall, deregulation has "conclusively" benefited consumers.
In a related matter, Mr. Reynolds said he is "hopeful" that the FCC will approve the proposed sale of KHJ-TV, Los Angeles, before year end, despite the administrative law judge's ruling.
Boeing said about 6.4 million shares of Argosystems were tendered by 12:01 a.m. EDT yesterday.
Instead, they described it has a housecleaning measure agreed upon after Presser underwent a heart bypass operation in late 1983 to assure that control of the union remained with officials at its international headquarters in Washington.
Such suggestions have been around for years.
"Government has no business with a married couple's private consentual sexual practices," Castellani wrote.
The Reagan administration looked high and low for Latin American support for the Nicaraguan Contras but almost always came up empty-handed.
She married a plumber from Kentucky in Las Vegas 11 years ago and they live in a quiet, elm-shaded mobile-home park filled with retirees.
The Democratic Forum began as a loose grouping of intellectuals, artists and scientists in 1987 and since has grown to about 20,000 members.
It would have added 8 cents to the 16 cent tax on a pack of cigarettes, and brought the 16-cent tax on beer six-packs to 36 cents.
City officials rushed to put Holly's name on a park, built on the outskirts of town over an old landfill.
The suit accuses 23 U.S. and foreign banks of antitrust, banking and other violations after they failed to come to terms on restructuring loans to the Hunt companies.
Harbridge House, a consultant, says only a third of the executives it talked to believe their companies are really encouraging innovation.
The collection, in Hillsboro, N.H., is officially known as Kemp's Mack Museum.
The distributions are payable June 30.
Prices of most contracts had declined for three sessions in a row, he noted.
We need to apply the brakes (i.e. accountability), and break up the congressional circle of horrors by electing new officials who will challenge this and other conventional wisdoms.
In this, medieval chivalry and the last hurrah of English military heroism are conjoined.
The administration adopted new guidelines that have stricter limits on the scope and length of work that can be performed by consultants, but Cotton said they are too vague.
As the government still wants to sell its 40 per cent stakes in both companies, it has an obvious incentive to find an acceptable solution before the market's insouciance fades.
The specialty chemical producer had previously spurned a $24-a-share offer; both offers are for 4.96 million common shares.
The U.S. is by far Canada's biggest export market, taking more than 75% of Canada's exports last year.
Timken Co. said it intends to phase out one of its two Columbus, Ohio, manufacturing plants over the next three years.
Neither Amertex nor its owner, Leo Jacobson, has been charged with a criminal offense, though both have been barred from obtaining future Pentagon contracts.
Its videotapes, featuring 60 clients, will go to dating agencies in the U.S., Canada and Australia if Mrs. Lukyanova's grand plans go through.
In the year's first nine months, the company had net income of $34.4 million, or $1.14 a share.
Let the people know."
On London's stock exchange Friday, Cadbury rose one penny (1.9 cents), to 255 pence ($4.69).
The book is only 10% too long, not bad for a family saga that spans 932 pages.
"I looked at him and asked him his name," said Elmer Gnau, a retired tool and dye maker. "I knew if he said Kenneth, he would be my cousin.
He always referred to Lillian Hellman's play, "The Little Foxes," as "The Three Little Foxes," and he fought with Warner Bros. to allow Bette Davis to star in the movie.
He's campaigned for dissenters, including a senator who called his budget settlement a turkey and a Senate challenger who likened the tax provisions to a mugging.
On Thursday, the mine owner, Anglo-American Corp., announced that a fourth miner had been found dead underground, but gave no further information.
They were sending deputies in their stead.
Everyone in this border town knows who the drug smugglers are, but they don't want to talk about it.
Only occasional telephone poles and parts of some buildings were left standing.
During the last meeting, the Sandinistas presented their most liberal proposal.
Among Dollars & Sense's boosters are economist John Kenneth Galbraith, journalist Alexander Cockburn and Democratic U.S. Rep. Ron Dellums of California.
Three of her co-workers confirm her complaints.
Accompanying Siddhi was a 62-member delegation that included bankers, investors and businessmen.
Brandenstein reported the astronauts first spotted LDEF Thursday night.
Rescuers using trained dogs found the body of a cross-country skier buried in an avalanche in Mount Rainer National Park, a park spokesman said Monday.
Whether Torchmark can finish what it started remains to be seen.
EDS has sued Mr. Perot in Virginia charging that he violated the agreement.
That may sound like bluster - but it is a brave person who ignores it.
She also makes her actors look as if they weren't acting.
The book made his international reputation and put him on the cover of Time magazine.
Her husband, Claus von Bulow, was convicted of trying to murder her, but was later retried and acquitted.
"We are anti-imperialist with Moscow and we are anti-imperialist with Washington," Pastora told the crowd at the adjacent Plaza of the Revolution.
The move, from January 1, was announced by President Daniel arap Moi at a rally to mark 31 years of independence from British rule.
Finally, his advice on the vehicles for investing in stocks is consistent with the no-free-lunch doctrine.
Solidarity member of Parliament Aleksander Malachowski, a writer and television personality, said Solidarity's first act tomorrow when Parliament resumes sitting, would be to introduce a bill to abolish the death penalty.
The Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper of Munich reported that Wolf had taken refuge in the Soviet Union to avoid possible arrest in connection with a weapons scandal that occurred under the ousted hard-line Communist regime.
Cadbury-Schweppes, which had been worried by talk of an imminent cash call, rose 9 to 482p and Booker gained the same to 380p.
Mr. Adelizzi declined to discuss reasons for the timing of Home Federal's applications, but said the moves put Home Federal "in the best position to remain flexible for the future."
If the utility commission follows its normal schedule for public hearings, the rate change, if granted, would go into effect next January.
Many observers concluded that failure to take account of the Social Security surplus as part of the government's fiscal action was a cause of the recession.
Having reconciled himself to the operation in Cuba that he formerly had opposed, Mr. Schlesinger tried to insulate the president if perchance something went awry.
The little blonde boy with a dirt-smudged face was blinking and calm when placed on a gurney and wheeled to a waiting ambulance.
Until yesterday Lord Richardson of Duntisbourne, head of the Bank of England between 1973 and 1983, had been the second British director on the BIS board. The choice of title was less straightforward.
Mr. Kelliher said he opposes the two-tier wage scale, which pays flight attendants hired since 1983 significantly less than senior flight attendants.
Second or confirming sources on bedroom behavior are hard to locate.
The midseason replacement series reached No. 1 in the A.C. Nielsen ratings for the second week of March, and a one-hour rerun special knocked venerable "60 Minutes" out of the Top 10 slot.
He has asked a state court in Santa Ana, Calif., to nullify the standstill agreement on his Ramada shares.
99.963 (5.52%) Interest rate ...........................
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, Mesa shares closed at $11.875, down $1.
Giveaways attract some drivers, but "a customer doesn't stay with you because of your promotions," Shell says.
The Colorado banking commissioner closed two affiliated banks, bringing the number of bank failures nationwide this year to 159, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said.
Little more than a quarter of US exports go to Mexico and Canada - a proportion that is likely to change only slowly once the agreement comes into force in 1994.
Then Judge Kenyon ordered Bank of America to turn over accounts held by Soviet trading companies to Mr. Gregorian to make up the rest of the damage award.
Nevertheless, there seemed to be continuing differences, in spite of Mr Bock's boardroom shake-up in January.
Community involvement is another way companies try to hold themselves to their original vision.
Twelve firefighters remained hospitalized Wednesday.
But there was no conclusive proof, and a second test application began Sunday.
This practice is known in the industry as 'skin-to-skin' working. The report said the roof fall was caused by rock movement 'probably' triggered by 'the relatively high rate of advance of the working in the roadway'.
Sources said Mr. Spoor wasn't enthusiastic initially, but came around to favoring Mr. Smith as the list shrank.
The harvest has been quite good.
On Thursday, it will again be host to German lawmakers.
But HSBC has managed its portfolio of banks differently.
Cornelia Parker has produced a set of six postcards of work made in the station hotel, itself forbidden to public access.
Meese disqualified himself last year when the Reagan administration opposed renewing the federal law which created independent counsels to investigate top government officials.
The lack of books had made his childhood in Scotland seem like prison, but when he reached London, he found things little better. The greatest city in the world had no public libraries and books were expensive.
But like Alliance's Mr. Wellman, Ms. Franklin is also looking for unquoted securities.
For Toronto-based Labatt, the acquisition underlines the company's determination to expand beyond its core brewing interests.
The unit had been hoping to boost employment for development of two new jetliners.
As widely predicted, issuance in the real estate mortgage investment conduit sector remained strong.
The Philippine air force operates a bombing range near the plantation north of Manila.
Fascinating, he thought _ the orchestration, the instrumentation, how the French horns used high octave violin phrases.
Long Island legislators and Lilco opponents reacted angrily to some tentative terms of the pact, including one that would terminate a lawsuit charging Lilco with fraud, and seeking to recover from the utility $2.9 billion already paid by Lilco ratepayers.
"Most people can't stand it.
After years of trying to get the policy changed, Gartner filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Information Agency _ VOA's parent _ in June 1988 in Des Moines' federal court.
Young & Rubicam, which called the charges "without substance or merit," acknowledges it made payments to Ad Ventures, a company controlled by Foote.
Adjusted to remove any stocks subject to potential arbitrage, it started a slight decline in the mid-August month, coming down to 1.23 from its record 1.29 in the previous month.
Even with the no-checking rule, players collide in tussles for the puck.
Traders agreed much of the activity centered around the Japanese yen.
The easy profits are gone, and many investors may find their initial capital in jeopardy.
Bob Daly, chairman of Warner Bros. studio, a Time Warner Inc. unit, and the leader of the Hollywood negotiating team, said some progress is being made and asked for a deadline extension.
"They're regarded as loners," an unidentified neighbor told the newspaper "Particularly, her.
The Mongolians were allied with the Soviet Union in gaining independence and establishing the world's second Communist state in 1921.
"Let's say I sat each of you down in front of a red button and a black button," he said.
Mortgage & Realty Trust plunged 2 1/4 to 4 1/4.
At least 59 militant unions in Seoul decided on Wednesday to call a joint strike Friday in protest of the crackdown on labor. Union leaders said they would seek an alliance with students.
The release brought to more than 2,500 the number the government has freed.
Chartwell also agreed to buy another 1.233 million Avon shares from A/J Partnership within 30 days.
But this is an unsatisfactory and haphazard procedure.
They come and start trouble.
Former US Central Intelligence Agency officer Aldrich Ames (left) was sentenced to life in prison after he pleaded guilty in Virginia to spying for Moscow.
She thanked her family, especially her husband Emilio, "who waited until we got to the hospital before he fainted, and my son Nayib, who held my hand while we waited for the ambulances.
A coalition of the newspaper's 10 unions met Thursday afternoon, then sent leaders to a meeting with management at the Daily News' headquarters.
The service will be available in the U.S. and Canada initially, with other countries to follow.
A major worry has been the psychological impact of the explosion, especially on the space workers and their children.
During discussions over limiting textile imports, Mr. Sato told President Nixon, "Zensho shimasu," a phrase that can mean anything from "I'll look after the matter" to "There is no way I'll do it."
The farm sales increase reflected in part higher prices caused by the severe drought.
"It was impossible to imagine doing this three years ago," says Baira, a 20-year-old high-school graduate who aspires to become a floor broker at the new Mongolian Stock Exchange.
"We're still paying for the rally we had in January and February," said Mr. Goldman, adding that only more selling can raise cash reserves and investor pessimism enough to fuel another run higher.
The younger Savage, who now works as an affirmative action officer for the Chicago Metropolitan Sanitary District, was not in his office Wednesday and could not be reached for comment.
"We don't know what it (`Iranian Nights') is all about; nothing was sent to us," said Muhammed Ebrahim, executive secretary of the Islamic Council. "What we don't know, we cannot be concerned with.
Spot, or noncontract, prices were mixed.
"Continued earnings pressure is likely."
Squatting behind home plate for the White Sox this young baseball season, 40-year-old Carlton Fisk feels lousy.
Outside court, defense attorney Ray Clark said Ramirez "has good days and bad days." "He just doesn't like court," said Clark.
Mr. Windfeldt recalls that most vacuum cleaners were sold door to door when he entered the business 26 years ago.
Cominco and Teck, which own a combined 21% of Aur's shares, also will gain representation on Aur's board. However, the companies extended an agreement to support Aur's current management until 1996.
Afghanistan repeatedly has charged that Pakistan is violating the agreement, which took effect May 15, by continuing to arm guerrillas.
The traffic problems were compounded by a car that went into a ditch, she said.
"Our deal is far from done," Mr. McCullough says.
After the victims were butchered, they were sent down the Sava River.
"We've never had temperatures like this that I can recall.
Mr. Gandhi, however, might want to ponder China's own flirtations with the Soviets.
That's just "murderous" for any violin, he says, and especially so for the 500 to 600 old Cremonese violins still being played (out of a couple of thousand produced by the masters).
Two of the demonstrators were arrested, the statement said.
In a decision that could bolster the rights of AIDS victims, the justices ruled 7-2 that people with contagious diseases are covered by a federal law that prohibits discrimination against the handicapped in federally aided programs.
Austin was killed by New York City police in a shoot-out in 1971 following a bank robbery.
Manufacturing value-added (MVA), at constant prices, declined almost 30 per cent between 1982 and 1986.
Mr Evans Nicolas, the self-styled leader of the revived macoutes, said he and his faction were ready for 'civil war' to thwart the return of the president.
Platinum for January delivery settled at $578.60 an ounce, up $15.40.
The toughest decision usually was whether to buy or lease the photocopier.
It also covers provisions for the closing of Gitano retail stores that aren't in outlet locations.
Does laying out 20 grand to hear Dan Marino explain how he aspires to win a Super Bowl really inspire a management team, metaphorically speaking, to seek the corporate Super Bowl?
If successful, the acquisition by Salt Lake City-based American Stores would create the nation's largest supermarket chain.
Taxpayers placed $36 billion in California's state coffers, the largest collection reported.
Mark Obrinsky, an economist with the U.S. League of Savings Institutions, said the March increase, coupled with an overall 9.6 percent jump in February, provide evidence that housing has recovered from its slump in December and January.
All eight officers were charged with entry without permission, a misdemeanor, and with conspiracy to conceal a crime, a felony.
It means the satellite was sent into precisely the right orbit.
CSFB's income from trading operations plunged 44.6% to 105.2 million francs last year from 190 million francs in 1986.
A municipal judge ruled that the magazines are obscene, opening the way for city officials to ban their sale in Urbana.
"We feel it's a very good showing for Jesse in a state that does not have many blacks," said Tom Disselhorst, state co-chairman for the Jackson campaign.
The New Jersey federal court will hear another motion by Ciba-Geigy for a preliminary injunction against Alza and Marion Merrell on Dec. 23.
The en suite panelled bathroom had a free-standing bath and sociable chairs. This was our self-catering home for the weekend, the house once host to William III.
A spokeswoman for Motorola said the stay of Bunton's ruling will be sought from the Washington court.
Along with those higher labor costs, Bethlehem Steel was hampered by scheduled maintenance programs at its prize Sparrows Point plant, which significantly reduced capacity and forced it to buy steel from other producers to meet customer orders.
West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher met with Baker in Brussels on Friday to discuss the disarmament dispute and the Soviet proposals.
Another fire in Everglades National Park, about 27 miles southwest of the city, scorched 10,500 acres by Friday. Firefighters expected to control it today, said park spokeswoman Darlene Koontz.
The transfer of funds will leave the FSLIC, which is managed by the Bank Board, severely depleted.
The Kremlin also denied U.S. charges that its troops are leaving as many as 30 million mines behind.
A senior Bush administration aide said the U.S. sent word of Mr. Bush's proposals to all the nuclear-armed former Soviet republics.
The other three _ ganciclovir, aerosol pentamidine and alpha interferon _ are used to treat AIDS-related conditions.
Jordan ruled the West Bank from 1949 until it was captured by Israel in 1967.
In La Oroya, 95 miles northeast of Lima, Shining Path assassins shot and killed a mining labor leader Monday on a city street, police said.
Hours later, six leftist guerrillas were killed in a battle with a special army brigade created to fight the rebels.
This manure contains nitrogen, which is transmitted through the soil and the root system of the barley to the grain. But this year, for some unaccountable reason, our barleys contained much lower percentages of nitrogen than usual.
The others were forced to watch and keep count, authorities also said.
Some of the antiques in Jalousie's Great House have come from Glenconner's homes in Mustique, Scotland and England.
Its 32.0 rating was the 14th highest-rated made-for-TV movie ever.
In a fight like this, you have to."
In Africa and the Caribbean, a large majority of victims were _ and are _ heterosexuals.
Everyone was making money.
The plan also called for Ramada shareholders to receive cash and stock in Aztar.
The chief chef was Williams, a nine-year pro veteran who has switched off with Jay Schroeder as the Redskins' signal-caller this season.
Most dwarfism is genetic, but it usually does not strike all members of a family, and it can be caused by more than 100 disorders, Ott said.
There were 8,002 workers eligible to vote, and under the board's rules, the Teamsters needed at least half of those workers to mail in ballots in the union's favor.
I don't think you have any instance as flagrant as this one." Just how flagrant is too flagrant isn't clear under Florida law: A certain degree of "pre-petition planning," as bankruptcy lawyers like to call it, is acceptable.
'Our conception of Europe,' says a senior Elysee official, 'is that France, Germany and Britain are fairly close.' But the desire of France and Germany to help Mr Major is not unlimited, and it will not last for ever.
"I don't need anyone in or out.
Anticipating the new standards, many thrifts have been selling assets and reducing their size recently.
The FDIC revised its report for 1989 bank profits to $15.7 billion, down $600 million from an earlier report.
But he added: 'If there is no more easing in the repo rate within two weeks, the pressure on the system will return.
As previously reported, Aaron Brothers directors and other stockholders who together hold 64% of the shares outstanding have agreed to tender their shares.
The Iraqi News Agency also reported that Iranian artillery shelled residential areas in the southern port of Basra, the border town of Khanaqin and Sirwan in northeast Iraq throughout the night. It made no mention of casualties.
Co-ordinated through a new regional logistics centre in Singapore; engines will be shipped in from Brazil, axles and drive trains will come from India.
Total assets were $30.7 billion, up from $26.3 billion a year ago.
Genoese said he sent a telegram to Steven G. Rothmeier, chairman and chief executive officer of NWA Inc., the parent company of Northwest, requesting a meeting.
Ships carrying a Marine expeditionary unit from Okinawa, equipped with a squadron of assault and cargo helicopters, have arrived in position near the Saudi peninsula.
Only the president is authorized to grant Secret Service protection to non-presidential candidates.
But in 1972 the party abandoned FDR's grand alliance and began to appeal to voters as members of special interest groups.
The value of customer business on Thursday reached a hefty Pounds 2.43bn. There were, however, some outstanding stock performers.
American films make up 55% of the French market, while French films attract less than 1% of American moviegoers.
The Energy Department noted, however, that it retained regulatory authority over radioactive portions of its wastes.
Late Friday, the company said it entered a tentative agreement under which it will sell an 11% stake to International Paper for $209 million.
Shaike Erez, head of Israel's military administration in the West Bank.
Economic growth has been 5 percent over the same period, according to government figures.
What makes supervision of the industry even more difficult, he says, are the large numbers of stock-loan "finders," or firms that seek commissions from matching up lenders and borrowers.
He said one recent trip to San Francisco, booked through Eastern's club, cost $175 round trip. "The cheapest (comparable) airfare I was able to find was $268," he said.
The chip accord, signed last summer, forbids Japanese chip makers from selling dynamic random-access-memory chips, or D-rams, below certain fair-market values calculated by the Commerce Department.
As in watering, "once established" are the key words.
Myers said second-quarter net income rose 66%, to $2.1 million, on a 54% sales gain, from $1.3 million.
Before the private lairds there were the clan chiefs.
But to ensure that they wouldn't be overworked, he added one more employee to her staff.
In less than a month, the developer has announced two property deals that would put him in command of a lucrative five-block area in the center of the Boardwalk.
This year, however, Pohanka Hyundai is on track to sell fewer than 800 cars.
Though the subject lies dormant now, there are more than 200 communities with some form of residential rent controls, most adopted during periods of rapid general inflation in the 1970s, and most in the Northeast and California.
"The United States is the wrong country for an international bank to be based," he said.
But such hopes seemed to get no support from comments Wednesday morning by Alan Greenspan, the Fed's chairman, before a congressional committee.
A statement from the Defense Ministry noted that Turkey agreed last March to postpone small-scale exercises in the Aegean following a Greek request.
An agreement forged last month between the Czech, Slovak and federal governments keeps foreign policy, defense, general economic and monetary policy under federal control.
AT&T, which holds a 37% stake in the project, said it has notified customers of the delay.
"I don't think very much will come out of all this," concludes John de St. Jorre, a writer who is editing a report on South Africa for the Ford Foundation.
But the treaty foes admit they have an uphill fight, since many of those they hope to woo are Reagan loyalists.
Newton's "Aramus" herd, named after a favorite Polish national champion stallion owned by the entertainer, is considered one of the top five Arabian herds in the world.
Dollar figures for the 1989 and 1988 periods were converted from British pounds at the Sept. 30 rate of $1.615 to the pound.
She has no formal training in psychology, but lists in her resume certifications in accelerated learning, stress management and self-talk technology.
The November contract fell as low as $5.89 a bushel, its lowest level since Aug. 3, before bouncing back late in the session.
"And when I think that the proceeds from my house will help educate our lawyers, doctors and teachers of the future, that makes me feel good.
And while selling Philipp Brothers has been talked about, the big unanswered question is to whom.
The training exercise had nothing to do with the Persian Gulf crisis, Harper said.
National City, which disclosed its $870 million stock bid in May, says that consolidating the banks' operations would save $125 million a year.
Around midday rumors started to circulate in the market about a nuclear accident in the Soviet Union, depressing share prices further, dealers said.
"We do anticipate some exiting of farmers, particularly in the northern Plains and part of the western Corn Belt," said Gregory Hanson, an Agriculture Department economist.
Acquired stock would be used for general corporate purposes, it said.
The Eritrean rebels claimed capture of the port in a radio broadcast Saturday, but a government official in Addis Ababa said the rebels controlled only parts of the town.
All of this is admittedly my own sidewalk surmise.
The last tiny dusky died of old age in June in a specially designed environment on Discovery Island, a Walt Disney World zoological park primarily for birds.
The same can hardly be said for Finmeccanica. The company has thoroughly restructured its activities since the days when it was best known for its loss-making Alfa Romeo cars operation, sold to Fiat in 1986.
"It's time to grow the business," he said.
In a proposal aimed at the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, Sen. Bentsen also suggested that an oil import fee could be imposed only on foreign countries that belong to oil cartels.
Famous movie couples will be seated at tables between the palm trees, and a bandstand will be on the stage.
"The internal (trade) imbalance has become so acute now that the country's market is actually threatened by disintegration," the former premier said.
The merger of USAir Group Inc. and Piedmont Aviation Inc. is expected to create a profitable new carrier that analysts say would be a strong challenger to the nation's so-called mega-carriers.
Tens of thousands of the colony's residents concerned about Communist control have sought permission to move out.
"The present acceleration of history is one in which the partnership is being put to a test," he said, adding that the two nations would pass the test because of their common interests and U.S. goodwill.
"I'm amazed at these people.
Japan expressed concern Thursday about political developments in Burma and said it would wait to decide whether to recognize the new military government.
Besides, Mr. Crosby asserts, SmartRoute has built an elaborate system for gathering data and doesn't need Metro's reports.
Today is Monday, June 20, the 172nd day of 1988.
Krenz's new leadership has blamed Honecker and Mittag for plunging the country into the crisis and Mittag has been kicked out of the party.
She writes at least three columns and features for the Plain Dealer's Friday tabloid and another two to three reviews for the rest of the week.
Robert Falise, Irving's general counsel, said management views the Banca Commerciale offer as superior because, "We believe a partnership with a global financial institution makes much more sense than an acquisition by a domestic one."
But the copper content in ore of most deposits is less than 1 per cent - with small traces of precious metals - making the mining of ore for producing copper economically unviable.
But Ms. Tutwiler said Libya is "still trying to acquire chemical weapons capability and is engaged in destabilizing efforts around the world.
In fact, for a glimpse of the U.S. population in roughly 30 years, look at Florida right now.
He was cited for his contributions to the development of parallel processing in computers.
At Las Mercedes Airport east of the city, Somoza supporters and their families tried desperately to get on departing flights.
The dispute between Mrs Patricia Ashmore and other Lloyd's Names and the Corporation of Lloyd's, will be heard by the Court of Appeal in February next year. It has been before the courts since 1988.
"We aren't so foolish as to think someone looking to buy his third BMW will switch to Sterling," says Raymond Ketchledge, president of Austin Rover of North America, which is partly owned by Rover.
The electrical-equipment group posted a surge in net income with the aid of one-time gains.
For us, it's a very expensive activity, although for the rest of the world our costs are very low.' As well as money, these co-productions attract big names which help independent productions compete with Hollywood films.
Researchers reported the accidental discovery of a family of drugs that may prove more potent with fewer side effects than current medicines for arthritis and other ailments involving inflammation.
Charleston Insurance has about 15,000 policies covering property in South Carolina.
Bertie's a frightfully decent chap and fancies himself a master schemer and solver of life's small problems, but his machinations always go awry, requiring the intervention of Jeeves ("Indeed, sir?") to get him out of trouble.
There is speculation that Mosbacher may become Commerce secretary.
Denver-based M.D.C. has interests in home building and real estate development.
Snow fell over the Rockies and the Plains today, and up to 7 inches of rain drenched southern Florida.
At the same time, 30% of Puerto Rican families in the U.S. live in poverty, compared with a 9% national average.
It went down Wednesday at Lake Managua, about six miles east of Managua.
Here are some other stands taken by Quayle: _Against a bill elevating the Veterans Administration to the president's Cabinet.
Control Data Corp. and Unisys Corp., which has a big operation here, have laid off almost 10,000 employees during the past five years.
"We knew as a country who we were, what we were, and there was a foreign policy that was basically born in a consensus and executed forthrightly."
It "is having a negative impact on the efficiency and morale of remaining employees who must take on extra work when positions become vacant." Rep. Neal Smith, D-Iowa, the subcommittee chairman, said, "You shouldn't have to put up with it.
Hal Eubanks, a property manager, was also named as a defendant.
He confirmed the two governments have discussed from $1 billion to $1.5 billion in aid.
Stock prices fell today amid renewed worries over the interest-rate outlook.
United Parcel Service has announced it will match the delivery and pickup times of overnight delivery competitor Federal Express Corp.
Upset, Mr. Cummings sued the vets.
Another government report Wednesday showed that new homes sales climbed 5.5 percent in June, the third monthly increase.
Partly as a result of the emergency imports, which included razor blades, soap, winter boots and clothes, the Soviet Union posted a trade deficit last year for the first time in 14 years.
Mr. Mulay, divorced with two grown children, wanted something to fill his time.
Responded Anderson: "They're also paying lower than any other hospitals in the area." The agreement was reached early Thursday after negotiators sat through two consecutive, 17-hour bargaining sessions.
America must never surrender to a high moral challenge.
"It shows that, as our numbers show, that we're under stress and that we need more funds," he said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday.
"Nearly everyone in Bali is an artist," Birch said. "They dance or paint or play a musical instrument.
MacDonald recruited a salesman and started selling in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.
The dissenters were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy.
He wrote it himself," Fitzwater said.
According to Kelly, maintenance personnel at the airport said the plane's chutes worked properly and that people often suffer ankle and back sprains from the sharp drop down an emergency chute.
But he said it was "too early to say" whether those nations would abandon socialism.
Born in Trenton, N.J., Smith lives in Tuftonboro.
If the two merge, the companies will have to agree on a programming format.
Apparently, most traders also thought that way, because many decided to take profits, he said.
He has found nothing wrong with this bike.
Among manufacturers, productivity grew at a 3.8% rate in the third quarter and a 3.7% rate in the second, after falling in the first quarter of 1991 and the last quarter of 1990.
Although CableOne said no other advertisers have signed up yet, it expects advertisers to be attracted to the potential of "roadblocking," in which the same commercial runs at about the same time on a number of different networks.
Most other provinces have similar laws.
The department has agreed to a wide study of the environmental impact of weapons plant modernization, but has not said this would affect its schedule for getting the main production plants back on line after lengthy shutdowns.
He knows how to play his hand and hold back his ace.
'We need to think very carefully before we encourage people to specialise on a narrow front,' he said. Rightwing educationalists remained unhappy.
The first of two U.S. cargo planes to be delivered to the Colombian government landed Saturday at Howard Air Force Base in Panama loaded with spare parts.
GM in particular is already trimming production piecemeal.
Voters appear to have little faith left in the oft-discussed Middle East "peace process," so neither they nor journalists are pressing candidates to explain how they would get Israelis and Palestinians into negotiations.
Pacific Scientific makes restraint equipment, instruments, motors and controls.
Without such rules, the expense would be personal interest, for which the deduction is being phased out, unless it could be treated as investment or passive-activity interest.
In Santiago's Hotel Carrera, Arias walked down the lobby stairs from a meeting with Quayle, as Spain's Gonzalez walked in. They embraced and cameras whirred.
But the board found that their locking mechanisms were susceptible to damage.
The dinner also affords an opportunity for the two presidents to exchange pleasantries in formal toasts, which are often political in nature.
Neither forecast proved correct. To make unification a success, Germany will need to maintain public sector transfers from west to east of at least DM100bn (Pounds 35.8bn) a year until the end of the decade.
His lawyers produced letters Cook wrote to McLaughlin from prison, in which she admitted killing the neighbor.
Roberts was national editor at the Times after covering the 1960s civil rights movement and the Vietnam War for the newspaper.
Krenz said he had moved into the "quiet East Berlin street" after assuming the party leadership from hard-liner Erich Honecker on Oct. 18.
Their bouffant hairdos bob as they mumble prayers.
Then its council is scheduled to review progress towards meeting this year's target.
The commission's plan is intended to form the basis for an in-depth discussion of monetary union by EC finance ministers Sept. 7 and 8 in Rome.
We're not allowing any fancy trading tactics and we're requiring cash up front for any over $10,000," he said.
Scottish & Newcastle also unveiled an agreement with Coors Brewing of the U.S. to brew its Extra Gold premium lager under license in Britain.
Another alternative for investors worried about missing bond calls is to buy U.S. Treasury securities.
Dwindling U.S. stockpiles, looming cold weather and a British warning of a Persian Gulf conflagration combined to drive oil prices back over $40 a barrel Thursday to a new record close in hectic futures trading.
It is also very likely that the high utilisation ratio reflects scrapping of capacity and not just the strength of recovery.
Zia himself died in a plane crash in August 1988.
In the latest quarter, investment gains of $22.1 million resulted in net income of $162.2 million, or $1.11 a share.
Of the people in the Tindouf refugee camps, Rguibi said: "They are carefully watched and spied on.
Thirty of the country's main lenders, who hold $33 billion in loans to Brazil, were invited to attend the meetings.
Unlike Basey, some of them were honored posthumously.
But I don't believe (in those things) now.
Robert Morgenthau, the Manhattan district attorney, has previously accused the Justice Department of refusing to cooperate in his investigation of BCCI.
Earlier last week, French Foreign Trade Minister Michel Noir said that the lower dollar was a "catastrophe" for Airbus Industrie and will force the consortium to sell its wide-bodied jets at a loss.
Last year a British group walked to the South Pole but had to be rescued by the U.S. National Science Foundation after ice crushed the boat that was to have been used for the return voyage.
Relief is clearly needed, but even the debate over that is instructive.
The Senate tried to save the part of the plan that extended Medicare to cover long hospital stays, but the House insisted on total repeal and, in the legislative equivalent of an across-the-Capitol arm wrestle, the House won early Wednesday.
GOVETT EMERGING Markets Investment Trust has invested 90 per cent of the proceeds of the offer of C shares and has set January 31 as the reference date for the conversion into shares and warrants.
The Chiat/Day/Mojo spokesman said the Drexel situation was unrelated to the attempt to win J.P. Morgan's business.
Last month, Glaxo invested $20 million in three-year old Gilead Sciences, Foster City, Calif., to develop anti-cancer drugs.
By 10 p.m., ambulances were taking people to four hospitals and medical centers.
Or his boss, Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus who, when asked what should be done to open the EC market to Czech products, sighed: 'We spent years studying western economic textbooks.
Officials wouldn't identify the lender, citing company policy.
The company emerged from the development stage and became profitable earlier this year.
But the plan for Philadelphia's business-improvement district hatched long before the fiscal crisis flared.
Police on Sunday searched for five men who escaped from Cork jail during a nationwide strike by Ireland's 1,900 guards, and disturbances were reported at two Dublin prisons.
The Red River crested Tuesday evening at Shreveport, Louisiana's second biggest city, and was expected to crest Sunday at Alexandria.
Annunzio of Illinois is the second-ranking Democrat on the House Banking Committee and chairman of its financial institutions subcommittee.
There are those who hope Reagan's fondness for his old vocation will lead him back to the screen.
Ruled that the U.S. territory of Guam and its officials may not be sued for allegedly violating a much-used federal civil rights law.
It also includes projections for slower sales once most of the sales incentives that currently offer rebates and loan financing as low as 1.9% end later this month.
Traders are hoping the lower cash prices will attract retailer interest, analysts said.
The question from Jessica Lee of USA Today about the handsome teen-ager Bush calls his "pride and joy" struck a nerve in what was otherwise an unflappable performance by the early-rising president.
Unusually, he took a leading role in seeking to secure more generous tax treatment for the industry during the final stages of the finance bill.
Bush's authority to negotiate a new world trade pact won't be extended unless "significant progress" is made by March 1, a senior Senate Finance Committee member warned.
An Allegheny spokesman said the consumer and high-technology products concern wouldn't comment.
"It's such a great opportunity to make music and travel in the United States and travel in Russia," says Caroline Coade, 20, of San Diego, Calif.
The San Francisco-based REIT's latest results also included a gain of $522,000 from sale of another property.
Many of the Dutch truly were Nazi victims.
"We will be out of funds enabling us to do transactions," he said.
Alas, the simple fact of being menaced with my own spade has warped my catalog reading.
She had been raped by more than one person, her clothing was in disarray, she had suffered multiple scratches and abrasions, and she was so drunk that her life was in danger, the report said.
In the 1950s, the Cuban political class was wont to say, "Without sugar, there is no country."
Courier Dispatch Group Inc., Atlanta, said it expects to roughly "break even" in its second quarter, ending Dec. 31, but expects to improve earnings in the third and fourth quarters.
He declined to be more specific when asked to identify the U.S. officials or agencies that had been contacted.
As business slows at Wesray, some of its younger investment bankers, who haven't made Simon-size fortunes yet, are jumping ship.
However, he says, U.S. machine tool builders are making headway against those problems.
However, Mr. McNamee emphasizes that public investors shouldn't have to undo the debt Black Box incurred two years ago by "the unrealistic assumptions" of the LBO investors. "It's obvious the original LBO was structurally flawed," he says.
Wildenstein picked up a Salvator Rosa for about Pounds 60,000 and sold it on to the National Gallery in 1982 for Pounds 350,000. American museums, such as the Getty, were happy to pay Colnaghi's well for the five Van Dycks that it dispersed from Althorp.
As many as 42 civilians were killed and about 50 others wounded in the northern mining town of Segovia.
They plan to keep working for reforms, such as a free press and an end to widespread official corruption, regardless of whether Communist Party reformers win a power struggle with conservatives.
Indeed, Merrill Lynch Capital Markets and several other big investment firms suffered a shock from falling bond prices last April.
Michel Aoun's Christian army units and an alliance of Syrian troops and Druse militiamen.
Residential building was relatively flat in June compared with May.
Richard Dennis was national co-chairman of Bruce Babbitt's presidential campaign.
Mr Cedric Brown, chief executive, said the group was at the start of a 'complete and radical transformation'.
Great Northern had raised the antitrust issues in a federal lawsuit in Connecticut that it considered its first line of defense in the takeover battle.
Most of the victims were female engineering students.
He pointed at a row of damaged Soviet combine harvesters.
If you don't believe it, why don't you go and see her for yourself?' And so I did, but not without some difficulty.
Some Soviet soldiers are resigned to going home, but want to buy as much as possible to take with them.
Parkin, a known target of the Pentagon procurement probe, had been employed by the Navy's Joint Cruise Missile Project Office from 1977 to 1983.
The notes would include a 15% interest coupon payable in notes for two years and semi-annual cash payments thereafter. Each bond also would contain a detachable warrant to buy 80.44 common shares at $2.25 a share and would expire in 1997.
But discount stores and sellers of moderately priced basic apparel are expected to post better results.
Under terms of the compromise, the industry would be required to sell network programs to about 3 million mostly rural owners of backyard satellite dishes, according to Senate sponsors.
Dick Tracy has a gang of funny-faced bad guys on the run in movie theaters and Bart Simpson rules television airwaves and T-shirt sales, but the summer belongs to Spider-Man for comic book fans.
Is it true, as he observes, that Israel had "nothing to lose" in the 1967 war because Washington would have rescued it?
"But I think if I would have done that, I would have been ashamed for the rest of my life." Loftus, the crusader, was once a comfortable insider with a steppingstone resume.
The purchase would be a relatively low-cost alternative to building new plants, a company spokesman said. The Portland, Ore., diversified utility has operations in seven states.
The engineers remained inside the TUC.
Mr. Berger said a corporate restructuring has begun which includes personnel reductions of 25% and further consolidation of distribution facilities.
Revenue rose 7%, to $68.7 million from $64 million a year earlier.
The deposits helped the bank conceal losses, the report said.
P&G's U.S. shipments were up just 1%, partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter.
The sharpest impact could come in Britain, where women get full retirement benefits at age 60 while men must wait until 65. Pension plans in Belgium, Greece and Portugal also may have to be rewritten.
Pope John Paul II arrived in Warsaw for the start of a weeklong visit to Poland, and urged respect for human rights during a formal meeting with the country's Communist leader.
It also plans to share research and possibly co-invest with two larger Baltimore venture-capital funds, New Enterprise Associates and ABS Ventures.
"I'm not arguing with the trend," Mr. Schramm says.
"We're running a tightrope between an attempt to keep things normal and secure," Superintendent Donald Monroe said. "We shouldn't tell schools across America to lock their doors to the neighborhoods around them," Monroe said.
Conyers had copies of the memo but did not release it to the public.
Fog brings fear for some residents of this central Florida mining town, where state officials have measured nine releases of dangerous ammonia or sulfur oxides from nearby chemical plants since 1987.
Much of Friday's session was spent debating language permitting the District of Columbia to use local funds to pay for abortions for poor women.
But Manville executive Mr. Stephens said the Denver-based company's research indicates that the output of one-and-a-half new paper machines will be needed to supply demand for high-quality paperboard for food and beverage containers by 1995.
He hired the Penthouse lawyer.
THE GOVERNMENT yester-day tried to head off threatened disruptive action by dentists, Alan Pike writes.
The models, which cost about $75,000 each, will be used in research.
But I hope there's not total consolidation.
The private station makes about $1.2 million a month.
This company first produced it in 1984.
The trader spoke on condition of anonymity.
He also said he would decide Monday if a longer delay was necessary.
He can see no other way.
Some technology issues were hit by profit-taking.
From the time he arrived in Washington from Mississippi half a lifetime ago, the 46-year-old Mr. Russ labored to make life easier for members of Congress.
Enforcement was scheduled to begin Monday night, even though Mayor Marion Barry Jr. and Corporation Counsel Fred Cooke acknowledged that the plan might violate constitutional guarantees of freedom of assembly and privacy rights.
For individuals, the minimum face value of investments in Third World debt tends to be $1 million or more; bankers say the documentation involved in transferring such loans is too complex to justify doing trades much smaller than that.
The shipbuilding giant's union members walked out this week to protest the government's arrest of several union leaders.
No one was injured in the blast, which occurred Saturday night in the city's Intramuros district.
Bakker said he has $2.9 million in cash and pledges already, and expects to top $3 million by the end of the day.
Plaintiffs' lawyers, who have been the main force behind greater openness, insist the companies' fears are unfounded. "There is a small set of cases that would not settle if the settlement didn't guarantee secrecy.
Republic officials couldn't be reached for comment.
The large speculative trading firms Refco Inc. and C&D Commodities were big sellers of both soybeans and wheat, despite disagreement among private and government forecasters about the 6-to-10 day outlook.
But in this case, it is incidental rather than central.
The plan is subject to approval by regulatory agencies.
The lawsuit alleges that Cambridge Capital forced the 67-year-old Mr. Webster into retirement without promised benefits and asks for $30 million in compensatory and punitive damages.
Similarly, the textile maker Burlington Industries Inc.'s 13 7/8% bonds of 2000, which had traded at 85 cents on the dollar as recently as Aug. 10, slipped to 81 cents by last Friday.
But individuals' and other returns are processed normally, Blattner said.
This value is calculated as the product of an 'environmental index' and the quantity of material or energy. Each environmental index is calculated from a detailed LCA.
"The ball's in their (the FBI's) court, we're waiting to hear from them," said Guidoboni.
But the Dukakis and Jackson camps resolved their differences and no nomting petition was filed.
Even if Saddam goes, the structures of the ruling Ba'ath party would be hard to dismantle and its officials would be still wedded to the concept of a single Iraq governed by the Sunni minority in the geographical centre of the country.
The Dow Jones average of 30 blue-chip stocks ended 10.67 points higher at 2,083.04 after a mostly lackluster session.
Adds Peggy Bowling, an Oklahoma City fan, "A lot of women see in Barbie what they would like to be."
The chef even furnished Mr. Monteleone with a piece of lavender cloth to nail down the proper shade.
Indeed, UAL, in yesterday confirming Mr. Davis's proposal, provided virtually no details.
Taxi drivers are more likely to be playing tapes of Madonna than Peking opera.
It's only noon and you're already drunk!" the voice said, and hung up.
Police said they stopped the car because Papa and Rampersant matched the description of a holdup team that had stolen $10 and a ring from a woman on a Coney Island street six days earlier.
Construction payrolls fell by 14,000 and manufacturing jobs by 18,000, according to the Labor Department's survey of business establishments.
In Earth's gravity, when materials like the astronauts are testing are mixed, the lighter one tends to float to the top. Hilmers said in zero gravity it was more like a yolk floating inside the egg white.
He can appeal the ban after a year.
"It means a lot to put a face with the music," Royal said. "And people saw that I wasn't 112 now, using a walker." These days he's on concert bookings with country kings such as George Strait and Alabama.
Anderson, 42, chief Middle East correspondent for The Associated Press, had been held the longest.
George Bush said he wanted to be remembered as the education president, didn't he?
He spoke eloquently about his framework for taxation, but dodged being pinned down on detail. Second, Labour is trying to pick up what suits it from Germany, leaving the rest alone.
However, analysts returned from their meeting with Reckitt feeling very depressed about prospects for the company and shaved forecasts to between Pounds 255m and Pounds 265m for the current year and Pounds 270 to Pounds 290m for 1993.
The Corporation of London, which administers London City, gave the museum $176,000 to dig on the site next to the medieval Guildhall, where the corporation meets.
In 1987, we estimate paying $60 million in hospital benefits for AIDS victims.
The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the pair was arrested earlier in the week after arriving at Rome's Leonardo da Vinci airport on flights from London.
Channel 4's adult American comedy series Dream On (adult by television's standards, anyway) was as funny as usual.
The non-callable issue is priced at 277 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
"You have to understand reinsurance before you go into it," Mr. Caspersen concludes.
The Texans' success in persuading the president suggests that Mexico may get better treatment in the Bush administration than it has in the past.
I don't read much into the market being up on a day like this." Technology stocks were among the strongest, with shares of several companies gaining after product introductions.
The government has ruled out suggestions that all Olympic participants and visitors should be required to take AIDS tests.
And if you make yourself happy and you look happy and you're having a good time, it'll show usually." Commercial success is another question.
Walters then also resigned.
He declined to speculate on how long Eastern could stay alive, but said "the economics are clear."
It recently won a $325 million contract to modernize Canada's air-traffic control system, and is bidding on a $210 million contract to modernize data processing for the Bureau of Land Management.
In Tokyo, the dollar closed at 128.47 Japanese yen, up from 128.30 Tuesday.
The U.S. intelligence study was presented April 13 to the congressional Joint Economic Committee, and a declassified version was released by the panel.
"It's even more difficult to do it on a Europewide basis" because most readers prefer local news written in their language.
Also, Britain's importance in international monetary affairs is proportionally greater than the country's economy because of the concentration of financial markets in London, the officials contend.
Some smaller volume ads also can be completed at the Structural Graphics plant in Essex or another in Dallas.
March and April typically are big months for automakers as Americans prepare for summer vacations and weekend road trips.
Disney himself developed the "audio-animatronic" Lincoln, which premiered at the 1964 New York World's Fair and moved to Disneyland in 1965.
Since television Westerns are now as rare as dragon's teeth it is a pity this one is not better.
He got the money for those and for 30,000 new drug-treatment spaces.
At present, its charge card, corporate card and credit card products are handled in different centres.
Communist officials under pressure to resolve the country's rising economic and political turmoil said Wednesday that a party conference will grapple next week with changes in national leadership.
Why do we stay in the EMS? A. The government says there is no alternative.
"If you look at the composition of the work force, you have to conclude the unemployment rate can go lower now than would have been safe 10 years ago," says George Perry, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.
In Brussels, the hope is that the Danes will outline their thoughts at the London summit next month.
Westvaco's shares closed at $29.75, up 87.5 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.
Public comments on the proposal will be accepted through July 8, and a public hearing will be held July 20.
Marcos Ronquillo, president of the Dallas Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and a lawyer, characterized the firing as premature and said Knight should have considered suspending Moreno or placing him on leave.
And Sen. Tsongas has argued that future crises like the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait should be handled by a United Nations Security Force in which U.S. forces would be only a minority of the participants.
"The IRS is to be complimented for a respectable compromise," says Navin, who also is an official of the Tax Executives Institute, a corporate group.
Just one victim has been found so far.
In the case of Nicolae Ceausescu and his wife, Elena, it seems transparent: Violence begets violence.
And then we read the stories again.
Health officials feared a cholera epidemic as refugees flooded the overcrowded port city.
Zenani Dhlamini, a student at Boston University, is the daughter of Mandela and his current wife, Winnie.
Fifteen banks have been granted foreign exchange licences and a new Export Development Bank has been set up.
Returning to an auditory world allows them to enhance their own imaginations." In Florida, Kids' Choice Broadcasting Network has begun marketing its network of satellite-delivered programs.
Prosperity is threatened by a large foreign debt, U.S. economic pressure and the freezing of Panamanian funds abroad.
Barco's government has refused negotiation.
He told the Lithuanian party chief during the weekend that the independence movement in that former nation had gone too far.
Saudi Arabia maintains the largest share at about a quarter of OPEC's total output.
"I thought they were going to whup me," Chestnut said Tuesday.
The department's corn and soybean production estimates were slightly higher than private analysts and economists had expected.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl favors the two German parliaments making formal statements that recognize Poland's western border, a government spokesman said on Wednesday.
But add that up by 250 million consumers in this country. That is a lot of money." Bush rejected a last-minute appeal Tuesday from senators from textile-producing states to back off his threatened veto.
In secondary markets, fixed-coupon Eurodollar bond issues were marked about a quarter-point higher, as traders responded to higher bids on U.S. Treasury issues, first in Tokyo and later in New York.
Joseph D'Cruz, a business professor at the University of Toronto, said there will be little immediate impact on jobs or trade flows in the first phase.
Gunfire erupted in the city's Bab el-Oued Moslem stronghold last night as police surrounded the area.
We turn the pages to see two drink glasses, each half full, with the American Stars and Stripes and the Soviet Hammer and Sickle decorating the stirrers.
U.S. industrial production surged 0.7 percent in April as a boom in demand for business equipment helped give the country the biggest increase in factory output in six months, the government said Monday.
There is a shortage of clinics, hospitals and classrooms; two years ago, Benitez said, he quit his job teaching high school history because of unruly students.
It emerged from bankruptcy protection and started flying again in 1984 as a low-cost, no-frills carrier.
'If you have a global brand it is still cheaper than most other forms of advertising.' However, most sports do not get on television.
"Basically, like a lot of other people, we were a little freer spending with credit cards than we should have been." Now, saving for retirement and for the four children's educations is a higher priority.
Rep. Stephen Solarz, D-N.Y., has asked the FAA to determine how many machines would be needed for critical airports, how much they will cost and who ought to pay for them.
States should set guidelines for awards in damage suits because juries are blind to the impact their liability judgments have beyond the courtroom, an organization of business executives and educators said today.
They try hard." Mrs. Child and her husband of 41 years, Paul, divide their time between Massachusetts and Montecito, in the Santa Barbara area along the Southern California coast.
Pakistani soldiers set off landslides to block mountain roads and stop Muslim militants from marching into Indian-held Kashmir.
The battle for control of the nation's largest Protestant denomination enters its 11th year Tuesday, with moderates making an "11th hour" bid for the presidency of the Southern Baptist Convention.
The debentures, which were priced at 99.54 to yield 9.17%, are redeemable at the option of the company at any time.
Lawyers for Quigley and Corcoran denied their clients participated.
You have to go to the heart of the problem and close the deficit.' Treasury officials reject the criticism that they are going too slowly.
When it came my turn I bolted and ran.
The obsession, continentals feel, is with 'exit' rather than long-term commitment. On the other hand, the stream of flotations and dividends also promotes a dynamic recycling of wealth.
But in the world of economic policy, a lot depends on how simple ideas are fitted together and where the stress is placed.
Based on the 1933 Warner Bros. movie starring Ruby Keeler, Dick Powell and Ginger Rogers, the show told the tale of a chorus girl replacing an aging star who breaks her ankle just before opening night.
Genentech, based in South San Francisco, Calif., and Genzyme are biotechnology concerns.
If this BBC/A&E adaptation of Durrell's famous memoir has half the charm of the book it will be too good to miss.
But M-19 has been inactive for the last six months.
Although Braniff has run out of cash, it hopes to remain aloft as a smaller airline with hubs in Orlando and Kansas City, Mo., and reduced service to "spoke" cities, Volz said.
His clothes caught the eye of the fussy and discriminating Chambre Syndicale, which in 1988 unanimously elected him a member of the ready-to-wear branch.
Spectators in the courtroom shouted and applauded, and Barrie hugged his lawyers.
The second cause is that calorific intake is too great.
Negotiations between Afghanistan and Pakistan, which were held under U.N. auspices, stalled.
A fire in the mountains increased from 3,000 acres Monday to 4,175 acres after winds fanned flames 200-300 feet high and sent the blaze racing along a mountain ridge into heavy timber.
Several Egyptians in the plush, rose-colored main auditorium watched the actors with seeming interest.
The government recently announced that the two-airline agreement will end and deregulation will begin in 1990.
"The infrequency of the shutdowns and the effective means of reopening quickly will probably keep these measures from making any strategy I know of nonviable," Mr. Wunsch contended.
"This would perhaps speed any tendency toward consolidation in the Southeast and nationwide," said Richard Stillinger, senior vice president of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Insurers raised a constitutional challenge against the provision, saying it could not be applied to insurance policies that were issued before last November without violating contractual rights.
We lived together for five years," Denson said.
The impoverished northeast was once the stronghold of the Communists, who fielded about 12,000 fighters at the peak of power in the late 1970s.
Affiliated's indirect 40% stake in McCaw Cellular would be valued at $25 an Affiliated share.
The ministerial meeting was moved to the NATO headquarters from Denmark because of a political crisis there over nuclear arms policy.
The suspects, arrested Friday, will be charged with murder, the military said.
"That's a very bullish formation," Mr. Rotondo said.
"As commander of the armed forces I exhort every single soldier in a total offensive to destroy the enemy, eliminate him, wipe out his will to fight," Samudio said.
The company was originally part of Reed International, the publishing company, but was sold with Reed's other packaging interests to Reedpack, a buy-out vehicle, in 1988.
Delays in the introduction of Seymour Cray machines aren't unusual.
Race identified the injured officer as Todd Shepard, said he had suffered leg bruises and was being examined at a hospital.
Mr. Rivera adds: "We are now in the process of trying to get to these printing agencies."
In the first quarter, however, such spending rose 25%, to 11.74 billion yuan ($3.16 billion), from the year-earlier period.
Coats' shares slipped 2p to 137p.
The agency, he said, has barred the importation of live cattle from Britain since July 1989.
Stories about heroes were a frequent choice, along with history books.
He was arrested during an unsuccessful 1985 coup led by Gen. Thomas Quiwonkpa but escaped and rejoined other exiles in Ivory Coast.
Temple sued the manufacturer in federal court in Louisiana.
Well, they are and they aren't.
With time running out for legislative action in the election season, the bill's chances of becoming law are cloudy.
He said all of the former leader's foreign bank accounts remain frozen despite a June agreement with the United States to release about $6 million.
The army's supreme commander, Gen.
Mr. Levitt is a professor of business administration at Harvard University's Graduate School of Business Administration and editor of the Harvard Business Review.
"You don't pretend it's an original painting by Zorn; it nevertheless does meet you halfway," Mr. Gardner said.
Phoebe-Putney Memorial Hospital is sponsoring a support group for relatives and offering private counseling.
He figures the stock can keep climbing, and per-share earnings could rise to $2.20 this year.
He said a de facto two-party system had emerged in Russia, the largest of the 15 Soviet republics, following elections in March 1989.
Inside, signs of brutal disruption are all too evident.
For example, the Interior Department said it would cost the government as much as $300 million to buy out MCA's interest in Yosemite.
A significantly weaker pound may be needed to produce the former.
Cut off 6-8 oz and set aside for making the next starter (see below).
Morris said he is willing to renegotiate the rights to Adams' story. "There is a desire on my part to settle this quickly and without acrimony," he said.
In the church meeting, Mr. Probert asks the president of the project's tenants' association, a slim nervous woman, to ask the borough council to kick out the drug dealers.
The ruling will ease Middle South's "financial uncertainty" and will allow the company to borrow at lower interest rates, Middle South said.
The capital gains plan approved Thursday would cut the current maximum rate of 33 percent to 19.6 percent for 27 months. Thereafter, the rate would rise to 28 percent but any gains would be taxed only on the amount exceeding the annual inflation rate.
Customers may be encouraged to switch brands. Missing out on new brands.
'US exports during the past five years are the most frequent target of dumping actions in other countries,' said Congressman Bill Archer a Republican on the ways and means committee.
Lantos appears to lack the support on the panel he would need for such a move.
British-Iranian relations have improved markedly in the past six weeks.
It is in this sense that the UK was seen as uncompetitive at the 1990-92 ERM exchange rate. Uncompetitiveness here means an overvalued exchange rate.
Poindexter would be delayed until at least June 10.
Bond prices finished narrowly mixed Tuesday as the market shrugged off new reports on trade and industrial production and looked toward Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony before Congress.
Curtis Handson, a church maintenance worker in Prairie Village, said he had no idea he had a half brother he had not met.
One of the advantages of the global equity market that has emerged since the liberalisation of exchange controls in the 1980s is that it enables countries to seek international solutions to a wider range of domestic economic problems.
President Bush and Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev signed a trade agreement often called a treaty, though it is not a treaty in the strict sense.
Scattered incidents marred some rallies in recent days.
Judging by the response in previous correspondence with creditors, that would have taken several months. Now they must consider different strategies to recover money.
Mr. Consolini is the company's chief operating officer and an executive vice president; Mr. Pisano is chief financial officer, secretary and an executive vice president.
Schmidt was released in September in what his captors said was a goodwill gesture, but Cordes remains a hostage.
Everybody seems gorgeous here, whether by naturalness or doctorness.
So many night drivers have quit that Ramchand, who normally works days, is driving well into the night to help Express Taxi Service with its driver shortage.
Defense Minister Abdul-Maguid Khalil told reporters that the situation has been brought under control.
At the same time, the board said its monthly survey of help-wanted advertising in newspapers plunged to a five-year low in November, suggesting that the demand for workers has fallen substantially.
Arlo Quint, 12, said he unearthed the Wagner card and three others while digging for worms in his back yard Monday.
"It was time to re-enter Japan."
If it doesn't sell, we trash it.
In the car market, Japan will this year cede to the US its position as the world's biggest producer.
The company says it discovered the fraud and reported it to the Pentagon under procedures established for such cases and therefore should not have been charged in the first place.
The researchers focused on 10 types of personality disorder: _ Paranoid, a tendency to view the actions of others as deliberately demeaning or threatening.
Success for shadowy diplomacy and bargaining.
Clorox Co. will do its first sponsorships in recent times this spring: a magic show as well as a drama with family appeal.
Rathbone watched the fleet of Mercedes drawing up outside Central.
Also, Swiss and Panama branches of Credit Suisse, a Swiss bank, are separately identified as originating some of the transfers.
But it kept falling.
Some have no idea of the degree of care lavished on them.
Steven Axelrod, another New York literary agent, is meeting next week with an investment newsletter writer who has proposed a guide to investing in the stock market.
NASA officials Sunday said they would not set a new launch date until Monday.
According to Antarctic sea charts, plenty of them are on the jagged bottom at Sail Rock near Deception Island, ready to rip through the strongest of hulls like the reinforced one of the Polar Duke, a modern U.S. research ship.
Argyll was off 2 at 371p, Northern lost 3 to 276p.
But there was no corresponding war of words, and Israeli officials stressed they sought to avoid a confrontation with Syria.
But sources said the proposal, which came from a newspaper chain, forced Central to pull back from a plan for a public offering of $700 million of its Class A stock.
But if the ethics committee is serious about this investigation, Mr. Gray has a lurid tale to tell.
For every four drinking drivers who kill themselves, approximately three innocent victims also die.
The official MTI news agency on Tuesday released the message sent to Kadar by the Central Committee, which stripped him of his last official posts on Monday.
In the five years since it was formed, HFL has worked on seven of them.
Duquesne Light Co., shareholder relations department, Pittsburgh, Pa., is paying agent.
Inflation is expected to average nearly 5%, up from 4.3% in 1990, and the average jobless rate is seen climbing to 6.7% from 6.2%.
The gunmen shot him once in the stomach and fled empty-handed.
They have since been returned to the west German authorities.
Like the House, the Senate committee declined to kill any programs, relying instead on across-the-board spending restraint to reach deficit-reduction targets without making those tough choices in an election year.
Police initially treated Mrs. Masegian as a suspect after uncovering a mysterious telephone message she received at the hotel the day before the killing.
If it upsets the gilts market, this will put upward pressure on mortgage rates. In the discount market the Bank of England dispatched a shortage of Pounds 750m without difficulty.
"The market was very thin and chaotic and mostly affected by rumors concerning the Middle East," said a trader at a large Frankfurt bank.
The French battleship Jean D'Arc will sail to the United States and Puerto Rico in 1989, calling in at the ports of Pearl Harbor, San Francisco, New Orleans and Puerto Rico where the ship will be open to the public.
Although the outlook for the oil markets is similar to that of a year ago, one notable difference is OPEC's behavior.
The films may have been shown years ago, but only in bootleg versions, the Burbank, Calif., company said.
Dr. Charles Anthony Hufnagel, a cardiac surgeon who pioneered the artificial heart valve, died on Wednesday at Sibley Memorial Hospital.
As a bonus, the administration's bill would negate the anti-competitive effects of the so-called "exclusivity clause" of the commodities laws.
He was never around." She said her daughters told her in 1987 their uncle had sexually abused them on a visit to their father's.
Wyden and Stenholm illustrate the competing strategies.
He will give negotiators until Jan. 13 to accept or reject it.
Despite the recent controversy, Mr. Garrision is hopeful a successful test will prove a shot in the arm for Morton Thiokol.
Year: 370,571 vs. 378,214, down 3.5 percent.
In the year-earlier quarter, Texas Commerce had a loss of $28.8 million.
"This is going to be one strong baby," she said, gesturing to her belly before getting on a van to transfer onto the plane to the Philippines.
Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas, who met Gorbachev on Wednesday, said later he thought Aziz may pass a message to Gorbachev to relay to Bush at the summit.
Mr. Green, now head of Leonard Green & Partners in Los Angeles, said he favored buying companies that aren't subject to cyclical fluctuations, and which have a favorable "price-valuation" relatonship.
That was down from 8.54% late Wednesday.
Now we are seeing it in a western democracy. In London this may seem like pie in the sky.
The scene for "Stranglehold: Delta Force II" called for the French-made Dauphin helicopter to catch fire and it took several moments before the stunned crew on the ground realized the crash was real, said police investigator Jaime Talay.
Members of the Nationalist old guard, in a remarkable reversal of past attitudes, have described Lee's position as too harsh.
Various biological and genetic techniques apply across the fields of pharmaceuticals, seeds and agrochemicals.
Side effects in the study were eliminated by changing dosages, Fernandez said.
Lacayo is Mrs. Chamorro's son-in-law and her private secretary, and is considered the man who wields most power in the government.
"We offered the Soviets visits to either San Diego or Honolulu. It will be San Diego because the Soviets want to visit the U.S. mainland, and they offered us Vladivostok," the Union quoted the official as saying.
"The point is, she received benefits as a basis of being married to this man," said Berion Mouton, Social Security assistant district manager.
Florida's rich citrus growing region reported minor crop damage after the second night of record cold.
The other common types of lens wearer for which companies cater are myopes, who can see well at short distances but poorly from afar, and hyperopes, with the opposite problem.
The U.S. appeared to be in the middle on both counts, IBM told analysts.
"When I saw where my aunt lived _ she had one little room and the use of a kitchen _ I nearly died," she said.
The fire that gutted a small but critical telephone-switching station outside Chicago earlier this month virtually shut down United Stationers Inc., an office-products wholesaler with $730 million in annual sales.
The latest effort is "Jersey City," which opened Wednesday night.
Both moves show Germany's determination to intensify its challenge to London and other European financial centres, a determination shared by legislators as well as market participants.
The officials, all speaking on condition of anonymity, said they had heard unconfirmed reports that the Colombian minister's 3-year-old son, who accompanied her from Bogota, was the target of a death threat.
But not tolerating such a swing would require a big expansion of Europe's economy, so that exports previously aimed at the U.S. could be redirected within Europe.
"Evidence is increasing on the scientific table that change is occurring," said Bob Corell of the National Science Foundation, adding that both natural and human-induced changes could have a broad impact on the future.
Noriega gave the papal nuncio, or representative, a letter for Pope John Paul II, Navarro said, adding he did not know its contents.
Cel-Sci and Alpha 1 are 50-50 partners in a joint venture called Viral Technologies Inc., which devised the vaccine.
He is a senior partner in the London brokerage firm Capel-Cure Myers and deputy chairman of ANZ Merchant Bank Ltd.
But other impediments loomed.
Robert McCormick, deputy assistant secretary of defense for production support, confirmed that the new buy-American rules will go into effect today, but he declined to give details.
Now customer rebates of as much as $1,500 are available on Chrysler's 1991 Jeep Cherokee.
They feel whatever deals we have can go forward." The director general of a manufacturer in Sartov, from which Great Western has ordered tooling and other machinery, indicated "he will be able to deliver and deliver on time," Mr. Walker added.
The collection of letters from John Wayne Gacy, David Berkowitz, Charles Manson and Hitler brought $700.
A constant in the deals was that Milken promised illegal quid pro quos apparently to help clients or Drexel turn a profit.
What is not so well known is a more blatant form. The Japanese government has profited, directly and enormously, from the anomalies in the Japanese securities markets created by the securities firms and banks.
Salomon executives continued to maneuver over the changes yesterday.
A bankruptcy judge refused to approve $3 million the professionals requested, including $1,200-an-hour in-office strategy sessions, a $275 bill for dinner for two and hundreds of thousands of dollars in overhead costs.
In 1985, Illinois was the center of a massive Midwest salmonella outbreak in which more than 16,000 cases were confirmed.
They were not sentimentalists - they never had an 18th century. 'But, they did have an ideology in favour of freedom.
But she says she would never return home despite her ordeal at sea and the Thai government's refusal to allow the boat people to resettle in the West.
For Manuel Feliu, president of the Confederacion de Produccion y del Comercio, the first boom engineered by the Chicago Boys was an exercise in backward development.
The food service and lodging products division is "flop and slop."
The odds have shifted in a few other tight races.
But the energy firm said proceeds will be used to retire existing debt, not finance takeovers.
Possibly offsetting that, Columbia recently estimated it has unrealized gains on publicly traded equity investments of more than $70 million.
The Kremlin's television statement accused the Lithuanian leadership of planning to turn over national factories to private owners, bring in a separate currency and put up customs posts on the borders of the republic.
Kitty Hawk was hardest hit, with $2 million in damages reported by Friday night, said Dare County civil defense officials.
It is important to send a signal to them that we are cooperating."
Dealers attributed the higher stock market start to dollar selling on a news report that Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party might lose an election for the powerful lower house of Parliament early next year.
Ferguson sought to reassure investors and customers after the double-dose of negative news by issuing a statement promising, "Our business and that of our constituent institutions is sound.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission announcing the proxy contest, the dissident group indicated disastifaction with the board's decision to reject a recent financial restructuring plan it had proposed.
"That they've had a wonderful meal and a stimulating conversation," Haimovitz replied.
Under current troop-stationing agreements with East Germany, the Soviet Union buys East German marks in exchange for so-called transfer rubles at a preferential rate.
And after a blast of unseasonably cold weather, the hard edges of ice sculptures decorating Boston as part of its 14th annual First Night festivities got rounded off Sunday under an untimely drizzle.
"You'll see more and more of this," predicted Gail Arch, professor of international management at the University of Houston.
The soft-spoken, 58-year-old Mr. Gerber caught many in Swiss business circles off guard with the hostile offer.
Average household income of buyers is $200,000-plus and average age is 43.5 years.
The two firms shook hands on the merger at 3 a.m.
The Operan, to use its Swedish name, opened last month with three song-and-dance evenings targeted at a local public.
Other grain and soybean futures also ended lower.
This seems to me desperately stupid and short-sighted,' she says. From the banks' point of view, Bridgewater's experience would suggest missed opportunities.
'We are not going away until that number is achieved,' says Mr Andrew Procassini, president of the Semiconductor Industry Association, the US industry trade group.
But people familiar with the firm say that Prudential has hired more than 200 brokers from Shearson since the beginning of 1990.
Ellis, 67, died Friday following hospitalization for a stroke and intestinal surgery.
The plane landed near Managua to refuel earlier in the day, where the residents had fought with police, Munoz said.
That should continue to support the U.S. currency.
"We're going to have to carry the bulk of this, we and the local communities," he said.
GM's Pontiac Division now markets Daewoo's LeMans in the United States, and Ford sells Kia's Festiva.
In recent weeks, the company has taken out full-page newspaper advertisements nationwide to say that it has a long-standing reputation for business integrity.
Republicans _ Grandy, N; Leach, N; Lightfoot, N; Tauke, N.
You don't have to send teams out to every agency.
It worried him that it was an agricultural school "with cows right on campus," but he soon found it a more diverse barnyard: The first people he met were involved in the Las Cruces Community Theater.
The current pact expires Sept. 14.
The formula is based primarily on Chase's cost of hedging its exposure in the futures market.
Researchers in Atlanta said that a common, non-surgical procedure for opening clogged or narrowed arteries leading to the heart has produced encouraging results.
Working capital is being enhanced by what Mr. Marsh calls a "disciplined, scientific cost-reduction process" that already has found at least $13 million in savings through manufacturing and other efficiencies.
Cope said Danny Selznick, son of the film's producer, David O. Selznick, plans an appearance.
The three are charged with illegally entering Liberia in July with the intent of staging a coup and killing Doe.
The company expects to report results for the quarter in the next few weeks.
There was no immediate comment from government officials on whether Finland's ambassador would be recalled.
Unfortunately, I also have to admit that the study of catalogs has raised for me as many important questions as it has answered.
On Sunday and Monday, banks will distribute marks to East Germans.
In the past, Glemp has used the feast day sermon as an occasion to deliver major Polish church policy statements.
But that is where optimism about the new law within Egypt's nascent financial services industry largely ends. 'In comparison to what we had, it's a huge leap forward,' says Mr Ahmed Foda, managing director of Investments & Securities Group in Cairo.
Entenmann's, a subsidiary of General Foods Corp., White Plains, N.Y., declines to comment on the matter.
They said a guard at the general command was wounded in the hand.
The case was expanded to a class action covering 268 people arrested during the past three years.
He called that a record for the software industry.
Rafsanjani has been seeking to reestablish ties with the West and attract investment and technology to revive Iran's sluggish economy.
The class system, that mysterious code the British like to believe is uniquely their own, has suffered a double blow in recent days.
On Monday, Kodak's bond rating was downgraded by Moody's Investor's Service from A2 to Aa2 largely because of the impending $5.1 billion loan the company is going to have to take on to pay for Sterling.
In Gaza, Palestinians met with lawmakers from the left-leaning Labor Party and the leftist Citizen's Rights Movement.
The idea to fast 24 hours in support of the hostages was conceived by Buffalo Area Metropolitan Ministries and was adopted enthusiastically by Peggy Say, Anderson's sister and the leader of efforts to free the hostages.
Announcing a further crackdown on asbestos, the Environmental Protection Agency said it sued 34 companies and individuals found to have violated federal rules governing removal of the cancer-causing substance.
In Cananea, a town of 25,000 people today, a local junior high school is named "The Martyrs of 1906" and two monuments stand in memory of those who died.
The speech, delivered three days before the 19th anniversary of the coup that brought him to power, was addressed to a convention of revolutionary committee members.
The various changes left total consumer debt at a seasonally adjusted $692.77 billion in March.
Sheets recalled that Hurricane Fifi, a 1974 storm that struck Honduras, killed 8,000 people.
But the separatist option is Mr. Parizeau's biggest hurdle.
The appellate court is made up solely of judges.
Penhaligon's perfumes come in glass-stoppered bottles with an unusual shape.
It affects an estimated 10 million American men, for many of whom it is a painful secret.
All but one of those charged in that case have been convicted, the U.S. attorney said.
The ones who have escaped _ they are a special chapter, the lost possibilities." Of the remaining war criminals, he said: "They are getting old. This is my daily problem.
It took several moments to deconstruct this. It seems that News At Ten now specialises in the 'sandwich', a conventional film report served up to the consumer between a studio intro and a live two-way interview involving anchorman and reporter.
That gives Mr Smith Pounds 28bn to play with.
"This is the only man who is making the right enemies."
Semicon Inc. said it expects to report a fiscal second-quarter net loss.
It was added to a bill requiring large companies to offer at least 10 weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave to employees with medical crises or new babies.
Employees said other attractions would be based on the Muppet characters, which Disney bought the rights to last year, and the Roger Rabbit cartoon character.
His first desire was to fight Hitler.
So when party leader Neil Kinnock spoke of the need for realism, he meant recognizing the irrevocable change wrought by nearly 10 years of Mrs. Thatcher's rigorous brand of conservatism.
Meanwhile, the FDA conducted tests on the different fruits to identify the detectable damage caused by cyanide injections, so inspectors would know what to look for.
To make matters worse, fill dirt was used atop the clay seam.
Also, call at 105 from year one, declining one percentage point a year to par, but only if share price is 130% of conversion price.
At Dec. 31, Citicorp Savings had assets of $4.98 billion and regulatory net worth of $907.3 million, according to federal reports.
Health Minister Ehud Olmert indicated Israel wants to expel more Arabs but is sensitive to U.S. criticism.
Some imports could not be displaced because of quality factors, so the maximum scope for expanding sales would be about 3m tonnes. Production from up to 10 pits being leased out could be more than 3m tonnes a year, he said.
"I love rock and roll," Mrs. Gore told reporters after her speech. "I grew up on it." A seven-officer Marine Corps jury Friday acquitted Marine Cpl.
Why should founding an electronics company be harder the second time around?
These streets, lined with dilapidated shacks, are teeming with tension.
When the narrow-bodied 168-passenger Airbus A320 went into service last month, it was touted for its computerized flight-control system and fuel efficiency.
The panel fashions the Justice Department's money bill.
The government wants to move Lawaiicamp residents to Sandkraal, about a mile further from George, which was established four years ago to be the area's official black township.
But, they add, more investors are likely to put their money on its only publicly traded rival, BCE Mobile.
'Fear not, little one' the wizard replied. 'Nothing can destroy that which has been forged by the Master.
A high-level PLO delegation met today in the Egyptian port city of Alexandria with President Hosni Mubarak, the state-run Middle East News Agency said.
In the first quarter of 1987, 72 soldiers and policemen and 70 rebels were killed in gun battles.
Last year, Japanese inflation was about 3 percent, but fully half of the increase was attributed to a 3 percent sales tax imposed in April.
Farmers, a Los Angeles-based insurer, said it will appeal to Arizona state court.
And I wish him now Godspeed.
Charles Trombly, recorder for the court, said the figures are not broken down into specific categories.
The Kremlin has imposed sanctions against the republic in an effort to end the independence drive.
Other key issues, he says, will include details of how the single market will work, environmental, consumer and social issues and the EEC's relationship with the rest of the world.
Assistant Secretary of State Richard W. Murphy, who was heading toward the Middle East, already was scheduled for talks in Egypt, Israel, Jordan and Syria.
Hau is among the Nationalist conservatives who still dream of returning to China to overthrow the Communists, and he may be expected to take a fairly hard-line stance on relations with Beijing.
Elsewhere in Yellowstone, wind pushed the North Fork fire to cover about 74,000 acres, a growth of 5,000 acres from reports Thursday.
Faculty members say the focus is on the big picture, like ethics questions in the marketplace, not table manners.
But National Power is sticking to its target of reducing dividend cover from 3.3 times to 2.5 times by 1995. Working capital is being released as surplus coal stocks are run down, so there is hardly a shortage of cash.
Gum produces significant brain effects only after about 15 minutes of chewing.
We soon will know.
Many students considered quitting the program, but just one has.
Manila stocks sagged after four sessions of advances. Strong gains in Wellington were led partly by foreign buying.
Feed costs are one of the shrimp farmer's biggest costs.
"It puts them (the inmates) in a Christmas spirit because it gives them an opportunity to help people who are more disadvantaged than themselves," Trott said.
For example, Ford chose deep metallic colors and whites and made a five-speed transmission standard.
He then called out: "Where is Mike?" A newspaper reported today that Palestinian guerrilla groups have agreed to set up an independent state on land occupied by Israel.
Group pretax profit for 1991 fell 19% from a year earlier to 63.59 billion yen ($490 million).
The embassy was deluged with phone calls from Chinese expressing their indignation.
Eighteen people die, including four gunmen, and 121 are wounded.
Ms. Hoffman said liturgical abuses still occur in the archdiocese and cited Hunthausen washing a woman's feet last month in a Holy Week ritual.
The U.S. company which sold the agents believed they would be used for vaccinations, said the official.
WPP's Lord Geller unit was hit by more resignations as the ad agency neared collapse.
Resellers are good at selling computer systems to traditional technical markets, but lack extensive experience and a broad clientele among businesses.
He is now examining the satanism scare and suspects it may be a similar phenomenon.
More talks are scheduled between U.S. and European officials on this point, but some directives have already been adopted.
It will widen access to justice.
Two-year-old Lacy, wearing nothing but one of her brothers' T-shirts, was racing bare-bottomed across the linoleum behind a hyperactive terrier mutt named Pee Wee.
He succeeds Gordon E. Heffern, 63, who is retiring.
Mr. Haussmann said he had reached agreement with EC officials that in the current first phase of German unification, the EC wouldn't have any powers to veto or limit aspects of continuing negotiations between the two countries.
A poll of more than 1,000 top executives indicated their confidence in the U.S. economy is recovering in the aftermath of the stock market's collapse six months ago.
Brian J. Luedtke, a technical analyst at Piper, Jaffray & Hopwood, Minneapolis, said he believes investors need further evidence about the economy's direction before the market will be able to escape from its recent malaise.
As in most of the preceding primaries, Mr. Jackson won the support of about nine in 10 black voters.
The Peoria portion is tentatively scheduled to coincide with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev's visit to the United States this spring.
Site Two is the largest border refugee camp, housing 162,000 Cambodians who fled economic hardship and a guerrilla war against occupying Vietnamese troops.
Also, the reforms allow the Big Board to halt trading for one hour if the Dow Jones Industrial Average falls 250 points, and for two more hours if the Dow slides an additional 150 points on the same day.
Many of these graduates, like me, are going to have to continue to work when their children are born and when they are young.
Banks and factories were closed Wednesday for a national holiday, but sympathy strikes continued.
When the joint venture was established in 1989, the companies said they planned to invest $1.1 billion over the 1989-94 period.
"If it holds through the night, we'll consider releasing some people tomorrow," said Iverson, planning chief for the 2,788-member firefighting force. "We're looking forward to another inversion layer Wednesday.
Similarly, Robert Prechter, the most celebrated of the current crop of stockmarket gurus, was telling his telephone call-in clients late Friday that the selling spree is grossly overdone.
The incident was filmed by a U.S. television crew.
"It's great to be back," he shouted over the wild applause and standing ovation that embraced him at the final curtain.
Previn, who became music director in 1986, clashed with Fleischmann over guest conductors on recordings, how Previn edited musical works _ even cutbacks on office supplies and coffee.
"Cellulite is not a medical term, it's a marketing concept," says Sheryl Clark, a dermatologist at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center.
Management took this as a reason to subject the alliance and cooperation policies of the Austrian Airlines Aviation Group to a profound analysis and a new definition.
Greyhound, a food and consumer products company that produces about 1,000 buses a year for intercity use, said it expects the transaction to be completed in July.
Burundi is mostly rural and people reside in such communes. "It's mostly hillsides covered with houses," the diplomat said of the area.
Chamorro's opposition coalition trounced the Sandinistas, in large part because of dissatisfaction with high inflation and unemployment.
Right now we subsidise many items, for example refrigerators and televisions, by allowing them to be imported at the official rate of exchange.
The reason lies in political machines like the one that rules the vast garbage dumps on the outskirts of Mexico City.
But Michael J. Faust, foreign exchange analyst at MMS International, said although the rumors were widespread, concern about the German central bank or the Fed intervening to buy dollars was misplaced.
I don't think it makes a lot of sense in the U.S.," says Bruce Crawford, chairman.
"The way I read it, it's an attempt to show the lengths that the art community will go to thumb their noses at government grants," said Jack Morrissey, an associate editor at Universal Press Syndicate.
Mercedes Reyes, the plantation superintendent, said the Haitians might be thieves or drug runners and would be turned over to the police.
"Separating the seating doesn't separate the air we breath."
Michel and Rep. Bill Thomas, R-Calif., said in a joint letter to Foley.
'But, when truckloads of troops stormed in from the front, then you'd have 40 or 50 men each.
The bonds were priced at 101 1/8 to yield 8.44% less full fees.
Kroger ads used to feature videos only once every six weeks; now videos appear in each weekly circular.
"I have an auntie and two uncles in California," he said. "Also, an auntie in New Mexico.
But Concorde still attracts its regular fliers, of whom some travel every week, and those individuals who are willing to pay the supersonic premium to arrive fresh. In addition, Concorde continues to attract a busy charter business.
Giroldi's widow did not attend his burial Monday.
So far, his aides have been broadcasting news to ham radio operators on a make-shift short wave transmitter installed in the sixth floor of the Russian Parliament.
Questioned about its security efforts, Brown Brothers said it plans a variety of steps, including checking people for identification in its lobby.
No new date has been set for the distribution.
In the first nine months, Frozen Food reduced long-term debt to $8.8 million from $19.2 million.
William Barnett, managing partner for Pennzoil's law firm, Baker & Botts, told The Associated Press none of the attorneys working on the case were aware of the payment.
Certainly, some additional regulation of the markets is likely to emerge from the events of October.
Earlier in Hong Kong, gold closed at $438.75, up from $438.21.
The 50-minute flights from Bangkok usually are packed with foreign tourists heading to the beaches of the island on the Gulf of Thailand, 300 miles south of Bangkok.
And Freeman stayed in the business until an eye ailment forced his retirement a few months ago.
If the test of bureaucracy is distance from the profit motive, the military forces qualify.
A group of gay guests, he says, raises the danger "of threatening order" at the facility by causing other guests too much anxiety.
Bennett's presence in the Charlestown court had been waived because of the publicity surrounding his arrest.
And there are other indications the People's Front has little control over more radical elements pressing for reunification.
Once we are aware of the problem it will be dealt with efficiently,' says Mr Mallin.
But because of the continuing decline in the size of the youth population, the actual number of young workers in the labor force has fallen by 270,000 in the past year to 25.3 million, the department said.
The Bryans control 71% of Media General's Class B shares, which elect a majority of directors.
He said a faulty air supply system caused Small's death.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrial stocks, wobbly after a big weekly loss, was down 11.28 points to 2,002.65 as of noon EDT.
'We are not a fortress,' he says.
The design shows a big-beaked bird preening in a renaissance costume; an archaeologist named Dr. Digwell excavating pots; and the dressed-up alligator pushing a carriage shaped like an egg with legs.
Preferred creditors are thought to be owed about Pounds 800,000, and unsecured creditors a similar amount.
Oddly, the computer-aided group didn't recognize that using the programs led to poor decisions.
Regional companies have been cutting too but less savagely, they argue, because they had less fat.
Both sides fear a wave of vendettas if families seek the return of seized farms or revenge for those slain in the fighting.
Others believe that Aids has thrust death into the limelight. It is only recently that we've become squeamish about death.
The UAW aired radio commercials Tuesday echoing its theme that the fast work pace at Nissan has increased injuries.
The civil war began 10 years ago when a communist coup brought to power a government friendly to the Soviet Union.
Insurgents overran seven Afghan army posts in Logar province in the first week of April and, on Monday, a 450-unit Soviet convoy including more than 100 armored vehicles headed south toward the province from Kabul, the diplomats reported.
"They're trying to cover-up their own guilt by blaming the victim," said Loren Siegel of the American Civil Liberties Union.
But what about the lawmakers?
The study analyzed data from an FCC survey of 8,720 U.S. radio and television stations, about 79 percent of the total.
The Club of Rome, best known for its first report warning of the dangers unlimited growth pose to the planet, is bringing together thinkers and world leaders this week to celebrate its 20th anniversary.
The nation's largest oil company fired the tanker's skipper after saying tests showed he was legally drunk but faced a torrent of criticism for its slow reaction to the worst oil spill in U.S. history.
Each disk array is now tested for up to 24 days. While IBM remains a fierce rival, with 52 per cent of the mainframe storage market, other large computer concerns buy in products from EMC.
"If they bring large formations, air defense systems are part of these formations," he said, and Israel would fear that Syrian missiles could interfere with its aerial surveillance.
Cominco Ltd., one of the world's largest producers of zinc and lead, said it is reducing zinc output 25% at its smelter in Trail, British Columbia, for 10 weeks of maintenance work.
And in one way or another since then, MacNutt has been fighting for the right to bear arms.
That would be the worst thing we could do," Bush said.
'I found the commission in good shape and I hope I am leaving it in good shape,' he says.
It wasn't until he returned from playing racquetball at 6:30 p.m. EST that Bush learned his nemesis had agreed to leave the Vatican's Panama City embassy and surrender, aides said.
"Sometimes it invents its own interpretations of very small changes in the numbers," he said.
The goal of brain surgery is to replace the damaged tissue so the brain will make its own dopamine again.
Internal Justice Department documents show that the report, among other things, focused on "narcotic activity involving military authorities" in Panama and a purported plot by U.S. agents more than a decade ago to assassinate Gen.
The user also must pay any long-distance charges accrued while connecting with US West computers.
Under the 1989 law, which San Francisco Municipal Court began enforcing Tuesday, anyone convicted of prostitution or solicitation must be tested for the HIV virus and receive counseling.
Trading was moderate on the eve of a long holiday weekend.
In the six months ended March 31, the company produced a 40 percent year-to-year gain in net profit to $9.8 million, or 15 cents a share, on an 8 percent gain in revenue to $197 million.
That the chancellor announces something which has long been known is barely worth reporting.
The list of rumored suitors includes American Home Products, Schering-Plough and Britain's Glaxo Holdings.
Whitney Partners Chairman Gary Goldstein will head the new firm, called AFGL International. Paul Lucy, Albert Frank-Guenther's chief executive, will assume an unspecified "senior management position" at Foote Cone.
The schedule includes seven shuttle launches in 1991, eight in 1992 and 12 in 1993.
Overall, "Canadian companies will be in the red and U.S. companies are approaching the red," said Sherman Chao, an analyst at Salomon Brothers.
The last launch of a Titan 34D was from Florida on Sept. 2, but sources told The Associated Press it failed to orbit its payload because the rocket's third stage failed to reignite.
The June contract of the long gilt future on Liffe traded between 108 21/32 and 107 5/8 during the day.
This was triggered by the savings-and-loan crisis and growing investor fears about money center banks, as many banks pulled back from issuing higher and higher interest rates.
Although relaxations in rules are on the way, at present societies cannot lend for business purposes. This can lead to difficult decisions in dealing with sole traders.
'Go there', 'Try that', 'You will never finish what's on your plate there'.
A court in Sweden convicted Carl Gustav Christer Pettersson of murdering Prime Minister Olof Palme in Stockholm in February 1986.
The picture is especially vague about whether or how Ms. Hearst was brainwashed.
Chrysler said its smallest increase of $60 comes on the Dodge Daytona, which started at $9,745, and on most Chrysler LeBaron models.
"This confirms our suspicions that small investors were and remain the invisible victims of the Oct. 19 stock market crash," said John Baldwin, the new president of the NASAA, the national organization for state securities regulators.
Exchange-rate uncertainties and signs of an inflationary buildup in West Germany's brisk economy have fueled speculation of an impending hike in official West German interest rates.
But some industry executives were critical of Mr. Johnston's handling of the situation.
The Sinhalese front, outlawed after a failed 1971 coup, contends that the pact makes too many concessions to the Tamils and has vowed to block it.
Despite heavy publicity about Pauley's reported unhappiness, Scott said, "I would have bet the family farm that she never was going to leave.
"We contacted all the large shareholders and said we'd like to call on them.
Continuing revenue shortages forced a cut in 1989 expenditures from $99.3 million to $92.3 million.
Last week, when some arbitragers sensed trouble ahead and began unloading, Kellner DiLeo continued to buy some stocks and only began selling on Friday.
He has said Ronald Reagan's idea of a good farm program is "Hee-Haw."
Republican George Bush said today he is unperturbed by polls that give likely Democratic nominee Michael Dukakis a double-digit lead, adding that "I like fighting back."
Increased unemployment in southern China and news of Hong Kong's huge infrastructural plans have contributed to the influx of illegal immigrants, says Ian Strachan, deputy secretary for security.
"If the diplomatic situation changes, of course we plan to operate into the mainland," says Eddie Chen, Foshing's deputy vice president.
But she said she might lead a seminar or deliver an occasional lecture.
The new shares will be issued at DM80 a share. The issue is underwritten by a banking consortium led by Deutsche Bank, which owns a 41 per cent share in the company.
"The harsh reality is that the country is still mired in recession," he said.
In it's editorial, the Daily Mirror said: "The Yorkshire Ripper has claimed his 14th victim _ justice." The Daily Express said the award made "a mockery not only of the libel laws but of the system of justice itself." "Mrs.
June 27 _ Bush calls for a constitutional amendment to bypass the Supreme Court ruling, saying "I will uphold our precious right to dissent, but burning the flag goes too far."
Schwerner and Goodman, white civil rights volunteers from New York, and Chaney _ a black civil rights worker from nearby Meridian _ were killed while working on a voter registration drive.
Some date back decades, including the wishbone from the eagle, which was handed down from a friend's grandfather.
The largest auto maker announced it would idle 3,700 workers by closing indefinitely its Framingham, Mass., assembly plant.
Antar's lawyers said he needed a 24-hour extension for personal reasons.
All appear to share one conviction: War or no war, there is no future in Nicaragua.
Pop star Belinda Carlisle has withdrawn from appearing at the Cheyenne Frontier Days Rodeo, saying livestock at such events are mistreated.
After the car turns a year old, Turtle Wax Inc. recommends, a regular wax containing cleaners can be used.
We share the concern of many national leaders that the abortion debate keeps us from moving on to other pressing issues.
If convicted, Turner could face a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of six counts.
Mr. Newman first started the business by making salad dressing in the basement of his Westport, Conn., home. The line later expanded to include spaghetti sauce, popcorn and lemonade.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 27,769.40 points, up 162.07 points, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday.
It said the money will go toward a variety of projects, including transmission and distribution facilities.
Terry Koonce, a top Exxon executive, recalls his first helicopter flight over the shoreline: "I said, 'Gee, is that not oil down there?'"
Such an increase could send German stocks sharply lower.
But other examples of the 'belt and braces' approach persist.
There was massive mushrooms and flames shooting into the air.
"I don't have any way to confirm that it's a 100 per cent withdrawal but I think the evidence is that it has been a general withdrawal back across the river," he said.
The delay from the original July announcement date contributed to a 30 percent drop in the computer giant's third-quarter earnings.
Gold futures rose moderately on New York's Commodity Exchange, following crude oil, but silver futures finished narrowly mixed.
It ended at 370p, up 2 on the day. Nervousness ahead of today's half-time results held back Boots.
The company also has been pushing foreign sales of its U.S. military aircraft.
He added, however, that Reagan has not made final decisions.
"The consequences for Hong Kong are appalling," said Wilson. "Our resources have been overwhelmed." Wilson disputed assertions that mandatory repatriation was inhumane.
Rite Aid recently expanded with the acquisition of stores from Kroger Co.'s SupeRx division and Sherwin-Williams's Gray Drug Fair unit for about $110 million.
The first two acts strike me as among his very finest work.
"I want to drop as much money into that mall as possible." Marketers around the country, in fact, are beginning to capitalize on a renewed cultural pride among blacks.
Yeah, I know, the thing is commercial, but you gotta admit it's cute.
Mr. Riethmiller woos both ear and eye.
The company already has cut its workforce from a high of 18,000 employees several years ago to 11,710. A company spokesman said more reductions cannot be ruled out, although there are no such immediate plans.
The plan's Jewish state would have been much smaller than the Israel that emerged from the 1948-49 Independence War.
In Sofia, the United Democratic Forces won 18 of 26 available seats in the first round of elections.
Israel's Supreme Court, after clearing John Demjanjuk of being Nazi killer 'Ivan the Terrible', blocked his deportation to Ukraine while it considered whether he should be tried for other alleged war crimes.
Operating a fleet of four such vehicles, the study says, would bring down the cost of putting a satellite into low Earth orbit from $10,803 a pound to $440. The study estimated that building a prototype of the SSX would be $1.6 billion.
He turned them both down and, with a partner, started a public-relations firm that isn't likely to ever pay him $137,000 a year.
Citing security precautions, Defense Department officials have gone to great lengths to conceal the exact location of the approximately 230,000 U.S. troops stationed in and around Saudi Arabia.
While neither product contains minoxidil, it's still "possible" that potential customers may confuse these products with Rogaine, Upjohn's Mr. Hoff said.
An odd invitation to take Marianne Moore to the circus, for instance, recalls Efforts of Affection, where the two poets feed performing elephants brown bread.
'Within 10-20 years, Korea and Taiwan will catch up,' admits Mr Hiroshi Maeda, managing director of Toray.
Kennedy proposed a big tax cut in 1962.
One arms industry analyst downplayed the value of such a weapon to the military or police, saying there are plenty of other semiautomatic weapons available to them.
He spent most of the early part of his career in a variety of engineering and management positions with General Electric Co.'s aircraft-engine businesses.
But Upton noted that the studies were not conclusive and said other studies have reported different estimates of the dangers radiation poses.
Architecture is, at its best, like any other fine art, concerned with the place of mankind in the world and of the world in the universe.
Paul Feldman, professor of physics and astronomy at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, called the proposal intriguing.
A thousand little dramas are played out every day in each of our restaurants.' Hostility, he insists, is often the result of ignorance.
And it ought to make an official unpopular.
The data are based on cost of living indices, excluding the oil tax rise at the beginning of the year.
Suddenly, Gephardt became an obvious choice.
I just had to raise my hand when they asked, 'Does anyone here know anything about computers?'"
Indeed, the Census Bureau reports that nearly 6,000 Americans turn 65 every day.
That alone is a fairly tall order, however.
Also, the judges on Saturday night asked an unrehearsed question of each of the top 10 finalists during the evening gown competition.
The latest round in the conflict broke out in March when Christian army commander, Gen.
To help keep the factory secret, Tanaka contends, the Japanese government erased the island from maps in 1939.
Boyages took over as head coach at Bates in 1988 at the youthful age of 25. The Bates home games at Alumni Gymnasium are hard on visitors, Boyages said.
Taconite is a flint-like rock containing a low-grade iron ore that is extracted and converted into pellets. The pellets are then shipped to steel plants for smelting.
The relaxation on foreign borrowings in Australia is also subject to certain "operational requirements," Mr. Keating said.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday MGM/UA shares fell $1 to $20.
Their buy suggestions for the second half are about double their sell suggestions.
Dixons Group (Capital) PLC, also got strong response to its debut issue in the international capital markets.
What value does it have for Mr. Harwood not to have access to IL-2? Many very dedicated cancer researchers have suggested that the process of drug approval is much too slow and much too expensive to be truly responsive to the needs of cancer patients.
Tenneco said the two companies would share equally in an about $40 million initial investment for the venture and would be equal partners.
Mr. Kennan's advocacy of containment was inappropriate 40 years ago, though its application today can be rewarding in denying the Soviets the ability to intimidate the West and obtain support for a crumbling social and economic system.
"You can't communicate with your friends and tell them how you feel inside a box," Munson said.
Brazil drew down $4 billion of $5.2 billion in a new-loan facility from commercial banks, Brazil's Finance Minister Mailson Ferreira da Nobrega and William R. Rhodes, chairman of the Bank Advisory Committee for Brazil, said.
Medicins Sans Frontieres, which means "doctors without borders," has sent medical personnel to crisis areas around the world.
Pan Am spokeswoman Pamela Hanlon said that while the proposal to remove Plaskett "has not been forthcoming from Mr. Icahn, Mr. Plaskett will do whatever is in the best interest of Pan Am and its shareholders."
The Philippines, seeded 29th but now in sixth place, continued their remarkable run Saturday by going 1.5-0.5 ahead against China with two games adjourned.
Traders say the stock has been hit by worries that the company might cut its dividend.
Santa Fe Southern hasn't made any public statement reacting to the Henley interest.
A coast guard helicopter plucked four men from the sea, two crewmen from the Majestic and two from the Mystic who had dived in to try to help their friends.
Five minutes later his tutor was able to assure me that the sixth-former in question would be reading English at Cambridge. That academic intensity will deter some parents, and attract many.
Breakwater Resources Ltd. said it plans to issue $31 million (Canadian) of 5.375% convertible bonds, denominated in Swiss francs, on the Eurobond market.
Under rules set by the government, reconstruction must follow the style and outline of the old buildings.
"When I saw him for the first time, I just couldn't believe how big he was," Nugent, an avid hunter, said recently.
When the stores get the planning diagrams, merchandise schedules and props from corporate headquarters, they make adjustments for their individuals stores and begin the physical transition about two months before Thanksgiving.
Noriega's attorney Frank Rubino said he no longer had any objection to CNN's use of the tapes.
But it is evident he is the principal political and military strategist of the group.
Only if we adopt a very low level indeed.
"There is no way that my peace plan will be valid unless the PLO looks at it and agrees on it," he said.
The two first met in Poland in 1981, during Solidarity's first brief 16-month legal existence that preceded a martial-law crackdown.
Intel attributed the earnings rebound in part to strong demand for parts from personal computer makers.
Mr Molyneaux, briefed in advance of the revelation, appeared ready to reserve judgment. But trust - or rather the absence of it - has always been the deciding factor in efforts to restore peace to Northern Ireland.
Namibia has been ruled by South Africa since World War I, when the League of Nations gave it a mandate to administer the territory.
Barry has survived embarrassments involving other women and his frequent absenses from the city.
The Rev. Jonathan Hamlin, 24, was charged with murder after he showed up at the sheriff's office with his attorneys Monday afternoon, Barrett said.
The following morning German interest rates were cut by a grudging quarter of a percentage point and Britain's Tory tabloids took up the theme.
The trial lasted six weeks.
The fire Thursday night caused an estimated $1.2 million damage to the eight-story downtown building, officials said.
The influential Keidanren business lobby singled out the U.S. and European Community, and urged world trade regulators to tighten controls on any anti-competitive abuses.
Starting late next year, it aims to set up a demonstration of interactive multimedia and by early 1995 to create an interactive multimedia service available throughout the US.
Ronstadt agreed to do the benefit concerts if the police promoted them.
"We're all walking around with loaded weapons right now and if the need comes to use them we won't hesitate," said Sgt. Richard Hall, 27, of Jacksonville, N.C.
Japanese officials urged the U.S. to help narrow international trade imbalances by curbing excessive consumer demand and expanding production capacity.
But that's still a paltry return on sales of $2.65 billion, and the increase compared with weak profits of $3.6 million in 1989.
Turki al-Nefie, commanding the Saudis' 20th Mechanized Brigade from a sandbagged bunker.
Those employees are likely to mention Bell Atlantic if attendees ask for references, a company spokeswoman concedes.
"What worries forest products companies most is that what happened there will happen in other parts of the country for other species," he says.
Each rise in interest rates pushes up the cost of servicing the government's mammoth debt.
Hospital officials in Jabaliya said a woman was wounded by gunfire and 20 Arabs were treated for injuries caused by beatings or tear gas.
While the dollar's recent gains helped buoy the bond market, the dollar has been helped by the rise in short-term rates.
"It's an inconvenience, not a large monetary or data loss," says Bill Vance, director of secure systems for IBM.
From smart shops in Tokyo to the White House dinner table, water from the mineral springs of Appalachia suddenly has cachet, and West Virginia bottlers are helping quench the thirst of the health-conscious.
The bill unveiled Thursday requires the whipping post in addition to jail time for anyone convicted of dealing hard drugs or involving children in the drug world.
Burke has become acting administrator since the retirement of former Administrator John C. Lawn.
It also rejected U.S. charges that police used excessive force.
But he says the United States and the allies should go slow in making deals with Moscow.
Ruderman's ruse was the tip of a still-widening probe of illegal trading in which various brokers, printers and others paid for the "Inside Wall Street" column the day before its publication.
You can't have people losing their jobs.
The acquisition will help strengthen Mead's computerized legal-information business, Mr. Roberts said, but amortization of the difference between purchase price and book value is reducing 1989 profit.
The purpose of weapons control has not changed over the centuries.
Its lower fares are attractive to illegal aliens.
In the early 1980s, Ford reached a $23 million EEOC settlement and GM a $44.5 million settlement, both for discrimination against women and minorities.
India needs an infusion of at least Dollars 10bn a year for 10 years.
Worst hit, said shadow social security secretary Michael Meacher, were those not eligible for the full Pounds 140 poll tax deduction because they already received rebates.
Earlier this year, Fisher said in SEC filings that it sought, among other things, reorganizational changes at NBI, a computer systems maker.
It will add production facilities for personal computers, facsimile machines, colour display tubes and semiconductors.
And James B. Beam Distilling markets bourbon with lemonade, plus soda water and fruit-flavored schnapps.
But the result can be shoddier merchandise.
Lawyers also say Mr. Milken's attorneys could ask Judge Wood to reopen a presentencing hearing held last fall to allow the government to present additional allegations against Mr. Milken for consideration by the judge in determining his sentence.
BRITAIN'S BIGGEST thread maker is to be created by the merger of Coats Viyella's J&P Coats division with English Sewing, which CV acquired last May, when it bought Tootal after a bitter takeover battle.
That 51% majority for sharp restrictions dropped by three points in a post Webster survey of the same respondents a month later, creating a 48-48 split between those who favored the status quo and those who favored restrictions.
The highlight of the three-day event here was revivals of "The Boys From Syracuse" and "Broadway."
Previously, that compliance was only a recommendation, not a requirement.
Anti-BGH groups are vowing to step up campaigns elsewhere.
While Cable & Wireless hadn't forecast its vote, most London analysts were expecting it to side with Millicom.
A year earlier, California REIT earned $4.6 million, or $1.05 a share, including a $2.1 million gain on real estate sales.
At the end of August, the nation's foreign debt outstanding totaled $38.8 billion, down $5.7 billion from the end of 1986, according to the ministry.
Sony leads the field.
A lawyer, he served as the state's attorney general from 1969 to 1981.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, National Intergroup shares closed at $17.25, down 25 cents, as the market in general dropped sharply.
This (confirmation) is a certainty," said Gramm.
The McMartin case, which had become a symbol of prosecutorial excess, was widely blamed for his defeat in the Democratic primary.
Nationwide trading in NYSE-listed issues, including trades in those stocks on regional exchanges and in the over-the-counter market, totaled 159.55 million shares.
"That's a very, very powerful increase," said Platt.
Nine-month earnings per share were $1.58, compared with $3.76 last year.
'Employers have dragged their feet on this,' he alleges. Mr D'Antoni warns that employees' rights must be protected.
Cooler temperatures and calmer wind played a role in getting the blaze contained on the west riverbank, which is about two miles from the trail, Jaquith said.
It claims the goal of a fleet fuel economy average of 40 mpg by the year 2001, a 40 percent increase, is not achievable without forcing consumers to buy much smaller cars.
Excavation began four years ago when a backhoe, clearing land for a house, uncovered a graveyard.
Carol Jong put her best face forward in her college yearbook _ again and again and again.
Chris Pountain, insurance analyst for Morgan Stanley International in London, was generally credited with triggering the selling Thursday.
These are trying times for the British pub, that unabashedly romanticized bastion of beer, banter and brotherhood.
In 1976 they were used in La Coruna's estuary and all but killed off the local mollusc industry.
"This is a harbinger of things to come," said David Berger, a Philadelphia attorney who brought the latest action for Mr. Abramson.
GM plans to report overall first quarter earnings today.
Safety standards generally are low in China's more than 90,000 small-scale private and township-run fireworks factories, and accidents are common.
The bank will announce the timing of the auction and type of issue to be offered four weeks in advance.
If there was something more valuable to put my money in, I would.
Raymond became an informant after being arrested in July 1984 in Tennessee on weapons charges.
Taxes on the average worker will have to be used to pay pensions for steelworkers, who have traditionally earned 60% to 80% more than the average manufacturing wage and have much higher pensions than the average industrial worker.
Company officials said 22 workers were missing and presumed dead.
The protesters, many related to Koreans who were killed during World War II, have asked Roh to cancel his visit.
But they have filed a suit against Keating and his associates alleging that fraud, racketeering and a variety of other illegal acts were directly responsible for losses of $1.1 billion.
Some traders said the dollar's slide following the report's release was only a coincidence, explaining that the U.S. currency, in testing the upper end of the day's range, had exhausted buying interest.
Anthony Caro has been awarded the 1992 Praemium Imperiale Prize for sculpture, it was announced yesterday in Rome.
They're high quality, look nice throughout the day and pack well," she says.
He was looking at some paperwork on his desk when he heard and felt the first missile attack.
Direct foreign investment in the US rose from Dollars 83bn in 1980 to Dollars 403.7bn in 1990, according to the Commerce Department. The surge has slowed somewhat over the past two years as the takeover wave of the 1980s has died away.
NEW HAMPSHIRE: Pro-choice legislators want to try again to overturn an unenforced, century-old law making abortion a crime. Gov. Judd Gregg vetoed a similar bill this year.
Both planned visits to Oregon, ahead of Tuesday's primary there, and California, which ends the primary season June 7 along with New Jersey, New Mexico and Montana.
This year, Chinese authorities have announced the release of at least 784 prisoners.
The Joffrey's July 17-29 engagement at the University of California at Berkeley has been canceled.
"We'll never deny where we've come from," says Vales.
Even if the application for observer status is approved this week, the Soviet Union would not be privy to the so-called Uruguay Round of talks, intended to draw up comprehensive new agreements to liberalize trade in areas such as agriculture and textiles.
That marked the biggest weekly decline for the closely watched average since it dropped 76.26 points April 11-15.
But if the company is to be sold, he wrote, the board should not get less than full value for the company, citing "studies by the financial community (which) have placed the value of the company in excess of $100 a share."
No casualty figures were known for either side.
Two injured children remained in critical condition early Sunday.
Centocor Inc. said it completed a limited partnership that raised $54.2 million.
He also played down the seriousness of the decline, claiming that existing reserves still amount to the equivalent of eight months worth of exports.
Q. No special alerts have been issued? Carlucci: No special alerts.
Concerns about corporate takeovers and the junk bonds that are often used to finance them helped stoke the panicky selling in stocks, as well as this year's biggest government bond rally.
"We've had farm programs for 50 years," declares Fayville Moen, a local real-estate agent.
'Confrontation with the army will lead to the break-up of the armed forces, which are one of the Algerian people's achievements.'
As you listen to the self-righteous sermonising of the religious and the 'purity league' members, it serves as a forceful reminder of how many would still like to drag us back into that cesspit of ignorance today.
Wellman and Corbett toted 200 pounds of food and gear including hammocks that were suspended from hooks placed into the rock as they slept.
De Benedetti, who spent some $1.7 billion to raise his Societe Generale holdings, claims he and his allies control 48 percent of the company.
He also disputes analysts who say the Robins bid results from American Home's desperate need to produce new products to replace Inderal.
We don't hate this country.
Food shares were mostly higher on continued speculation that Japan will be forced to make concessions to the U.S. on the agricultural trade issue, allowing food companies to take advantage of cheaper imported agricultural products.
They emerged Thursday night with a compromise that was swiftly agreed to by other members of the conference committee.
Proceeds from the sales charge will be used to expand shareholder services, he said.
"(Then) I get hotheaded like anybody else."
The foursome chatted and joked before the premiere, which was expected to raise more than $265,000 for the Prince's Trust for disadvantaged young people.
But while premium lagers may not be losing ground, the big standard lagers and keg bitters are.
W. Dennis Thomas, 45 years old, was named vice president of federal-corporate affairs at this pulp and paper maker.
The government has turned over 10 Vietnamese soldiers to Vietnam's embassy one week after a U.S. aircraft carrier rescued them from a barge drifting in the South China Sea, officials said Tuesday.
He also had the rooms furnished with rustic-looking furniture, such as beds with wagon-wheel headboards.
Now Pope John Paul II ranks as the world's number-one jet-setter, a supersonic pilgrim whose frequent-flyer mileage on more than 40 journeys outside Italy would take him to the moon and halfway back.
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres visited troops in the occupied West Bank town of Bethlehem and called for restraint in quelling Arab protests in the occupied lands, saying excessive force would only radicalize Palestinians.
We invite people to come in here.
In Hong Kong on Monday, gold was quoted at $354.35 an ounce.
Few if any forecasters expect output to fall.
Currency traders were more confident that the U.S. economy is recovering.
Charley Tom Lee, 25, of Haltom City is due back in court Dec. 13, when a psychological examination will be ordered.
Restive Republicans elected conservatives to second-echelon Senate leadership posts in secret balloting that signaled more combative GOP dealings with majority Democrats in the next Congress.
Mr. Spencer also said the company anticipates domestic sale approval from the Food and Drug Administration within 60 days of its small-diameter angiocatheter, which is inserted into occluded coronary arteries.
But the question in some money managers' minds is whether Eberstadt took enough trouble to verify its potentially damaging information about TPA.
The Tennessee Memphians found what they were looking for in the weeds behind a museum in Memphis, Egypt.
Hoeveler assigned Turnoff to listen to the tapes to avoid being "tainted" by having learned details of Noriega's defense strategy.
Plant Extract Studied As Tick Repellent - SYRUPY OIL, similar to myrrh, from the bark of a common African plant may lead to a better tick repellent.
However, Mr. Salinas not only faces a challenge from the traditional opposition on the right, but also from a revitalized political left, which has been calling for a radical, confrontational approach to foreign debt.
In Saturday's attempted launch, Tass initially announced a four-hour delay but then said blastoff had been delayed indefinitely.
The U.S. congressmen and human rights groups have called for the detainees to be brought to trial or released.
In addition, Strato and Teles products will be integrated in mutual campaigns.
Under `la patrona' (the former owner) we broke our backs for 20 cents a day.
Cilea knew all the tricks but his invention is weak. In the well-known arias he explores a genuine gift for rather flaccid melancholy reflection.
The plastic bullet has greater range and impact than rubber.
Robins has asked the bankruptcy court to block suits against it that might be brought by women who haven't yet discovered that the Shield hurt them.
Yet the federal budget squeeze during the Reagan years has forced deep cuts in economic aid abroad, reducing U.S. influence.
The issue is expected to be sold at a spread of about 105 basis points above the yield on the Treasury 8 7/8% bonds due 2017, which were quoted late yesterday at 8.81%.
A senior British official on Monday sharply criticized Israeli leaders and suggested that U.N. Security Council members help prepare for Arab-Israeli peace talks _ a proposal made recently by Soviet officials.
"He's slick," said Lee.
This field was discovered 15 years ago by the French company Elf and inherited by British Gas when it bought the US company Teneco in 1988.
The National Liberation Army is led by a defrocked priest and inspired by the teachings of Fidel Castro.
The company previously didn't have a chief operating officer.
Robert Nance, 43, of Huntington, was convicted Aug. 1 for conspiring to kill a federal witness, attempting to kill witnesses and a jail escape charge.
A man who chained himself to his sofa for three weeks to stop smoking is a free man today and says it feels wonderful to have kicked the habit.
Pitney Bowes Inc., a leading maker of business machines in Stamford, Conn., helped pioneer flexible working hours to accommodate working parents, allowing them to arrive early some days and leave early on others.
The document was more conservative in tone than a draft pastoral letter released last spring by U.S. Roman Catholic bishops.
The committee cut research money for the Strategic Defense Initiative to $4.3 billion from the proposed $4.5 billion.
"It's short enough for almost anyone no matter what their fears are.
"Something is obviously wrong and has been obviously wrong for the last four years," Rep. Robin Tallon, D-S.C., said at a news conference following ceremonies at Arlington National Cemetery marking the crash anniversary.
BUSINESS INCUBATORS gain ground despite tough economic times.
Most have met with only moderate success.
The Senate earlier in the week rejected some of the same smog controls.
But when interferon, a protein touted as a cure-all, proved useful against only one or two rare cancers, some companies got caught in the downdraft of waning investor support.
In a sign of caution that may grow, profit takers nicked 1/4 off Wal-Mart yesterday; the stock closed at 33 1/2 on 3.3 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
That accord was followed, in 1986, by a similar agreement to prepare for a nuclear-free zone at Europe's heart.
A woman whose husband was convicted of theft refused to pay a fine to free him, then told the court she had fallen in love with a prosecution witness, a newspaper reported Wednesday.
The weather across much of the nation was expected to be colder than normal through the weekend, with the chill air pushing into Texas, the Gulf Coast and Florida.
Both concede they are viewed as bland.
The final round of unification talks must be concluded between the four World War II allies _ the Soviet Union, the United States, Britain and France.
In Dhaka, Bangladesh, Chinese Premier Li Peng said Sunday that Western trade sanctions against China because of its crackdown on dissent would backfire and hurt the countries imposing the restrictions.
Thirty-five calves were born with such abnormalities as six legs or missing ribs, Kudin said.
Guenter Baer, a former economist with the World Bank in Washington and a West German finance-ministry official, was appointed as secretary general of the committee.
Such a sermon could win converts, but it would not guarantee victory.
Three West German steelmakers announced a tentative plan to cut costs by merging parts of their operations and slashing an estimated 3,200 jobs.
It is hard to understand why that should have much appeal in the UK.
They are among 50,000 Vietnamese troops Hanoi says it will bring home by the end of the year in the largest of seven annual pullouts from Cambodia.
That measure narrowly passed, leading to the vote next week.
Specifically, Mr. Rafsanjani probably is hoping for greater British and German help in rebuilding important oil facilities damaged by the war.
U.S. officials opened talks with the PLO in December after Arafat renounced terrorism and said he accepted Israel.
And new uncertainties loom, some disclosed for the first time in a Hospital Corp. stock-sale filing dated Jan. 3.
Despite surging to an all-time high Wednesday of 527.82, the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 2.71, or 0.51%, for the week.
He says he can't confirm, however, reports that Taiwan officials had already approached Boeing Co. in search of alternatives.
Sun said full-year net would fall about 28% to about $380 million, or $3.54 a share, from $527 million, or $4.72 a share, a year earlier.
According to Sen. Domenici, "Nobody torpedoed anything."
At the peak of the fighting, the Indian force numbered about 100,000 men.
In effect, that wiped out with a single stroke the basic premise behind the recent rally.
Monday night's rally was the largest unofficial demonstration in Hungary since an anti-Soviet uprising was crushed in 1956.
The new consensus revolves around the recognition that something must be done about long-term welfare dependency.
Since Wassall is more than doubling its turnover as a result of the deal, even modest gains in margin will have a big impact on profits.
The Lithuanian parliament voted today to abolish the Communist Party's constitutionally guaranteed supremacy and to legalize multiple political parties in the Baltic republic, activists said.
British Coal turns its back on the traditional coalfields of Rugby League.
Dealers said the price was depressed by selling in New York.
Dr. John L. Zabriskie, senior vice president, will be president of the new unit in addition to his current corporate duties.
Carver was organized as a mutual savings bank in 1948 to make home mortgage loans, and that's where most of its assets remain.
The two funds were purported to have $155 million in assets under management, but Ms. Richards said there was "no reasonable basis" for that valuation.
Prosecutors also agreed not to prosecute his wife, Elizabeth Gongora Suarez, for concealing a fugitive from authorities.
The Van Nuys plant has about 4,000 workers.
The city has suffered almost daily bombing attacks by drug traffickers, who are pressing the government to end its 13-day-old crackdown and negotiate a peace.
The Police and Fire Commission dismissed the most serious allegation, failing to request assistance at the scene.
Any future purchases of Metex stock might be made through open-market or privately negotiated transactions, or through "a corporate transaction such as an exchange offer, a tender offer or a merger," the filing said.
The company said it undertook the plan to "enable the stockholders to better realize the full potential value" of the company's shares, which management feels are undervalued in the marketplace.
The report said Branson hopes to sell condoms and records in the Soviet Union, as well as have his pop artists perform there.
Police have kept a 24-hour watch at Olujare's bedside and a patrolman was in the operating room during the surgery, Hickey said.
To keep the brain happy, the body orchestrates all its efforts to deliver the proper level of glucose to the brain.
Bombs rocked two ministries and the buildings housing the nation's industrialist and labor unions early Tuesday in downtown Athens, police said.
But then again, he may not. The prospect of talks is not one which fills many in the Hong Kong government with confidence.
Transamerica Corp. said it agreed to acquire the insurance-premium financing unit of New York-based Alexander & Alexander Services Inc. for $73.8 million.
"Now that it's started, at least the anxiety of waiting is over." Congressional leaders in both houses were notified by the president in a series of phone calls placed around 5:20 to 5:30 p.m. EST.
At least five businesses were destroyed and 15 were damaged.
The University of Pittsburgh center, which now has a Cray X/MP-48 supercomputer, has agreed to trade in that machine for Cray's new Y/MP-832 machine, which Cray says is the world's most powerful computer.
The strike has already resulted in more than 1,000 layoffs and a delayed fall TV season.
That project was eventually replaced by the tri-national Tornado, but no such satisfactory outcome can be expected to follow EFA's cancellation.
But Dr Tim Jackson of the Stockholm Environment Unit showed us slides depicting savings made by various energy-efficiency strategies, such as switching fuels (greatest saving) to advanced coal technology (additional cost).
For example, any visitor would be struck by the peculiarity of the Burmese currency, which is chiefly denominated in 45 and 90-kyat notes.
Hormel's per-share earnings have been about flat at around $1 a share for the past three years, with meat-processing losses imposing an annual drag of 25 cents to 50 cents a share.
The governor himself likes sports metaphors and has been calling himself the party's "quarterback."
So are two "Rock Settees," seats made of polished pink and green granite by American sculptor Scott Burton.
But others are more optimistic.
In 1981, about 74 percent were living with both parents and about 20 percent were living with a single parent.
Meanwhile, William Bennett, President Bush's drug czar, said the Colombian drug operation has been severely disrupted even if the top kingpins have eluded capture.
They want to get a higher price or liquidation value."
The hiring of Mr. Grano is the latest in a series of moves by PaineWebber Chairman Donald B. Marron to turn PaineWebber into a more aggressive firm on several fronts.
Had the latest coup attempt succeeded, the result could have been another civil war in this country of 100 million, wrote columnist Richard Akinnola wrote in the independent Vanguard newspaper.
The company's stock, which had traded as high as $22.50 during the past year, slid to $13 after the FDA hearing and closed yesterday at $8.75, down 50 cents, in national over-the-counter trading.
The creative juices haven't dried up at ad agencies.
Independent but unconfirmed reports earlier said 30 soldiers and four civilians were killed.
"It's wonderful experience _ and I want him to win," she said.
She has a telephone in the cab atop her tower, and in her nearby cabin watches a battery-powered television, stores food in a propane-powered refrigerator and cooks on a propane-burning stove.
I am sure it is radio-active. Imagine my amazement, then, every time I read an article about efforts to re-establish the Thames as a river fit for salmon.
The explosion and fire set off panic among residents of Guadalupe, a small city on Monterrey's outskirts about 440 miles north of Mexico City.
It did not explode and no one was hurt, she said.
It explains which trusts qualify for a Pep, describes their investment objectives, and gives performance tables and details of how self-select Peps work.
A spokesman said the company didn't have any specific plans for the proceeds at present but decided to issue the shares because low German interest rates make the transaction attractive.
Den Norske Creditbank, Norway's biggest bank, said it may have incurred a loss of more than 600 million Norwegian kroner ($94.2 million), enough to wipe out 1987 net income.
Ford said it sought long-term relationship with the unprofitable British automaker.
One reason many of his countrymen are insensitive to their concerns, he said, is because Japan itself is such a homogenous society with only very small minority groups.
Mr. Schmidt, whose whereabouts are unknown, had acted as an agent for the bank's trading activities in Frankfurt.
The price asked by the spacemen to save the world is a glass of water.
He also noted that December silver eased to a fresh life-of-contract low for the fourth consecutive session.
Cheney also will meet with Soviet political reform leaders.
Fitzwater said Bush's prognosis was "excellent.
For the season ending April 14, the three major networks, which once had a virtual monopoly on viewership, attracted just 62% of viewers.
A spokeswoman for the medical products maker said proceeds will be used for research in cardiovascular and eye treatment.
'They think they can crush the competition before it gets out of the gate,' says Mr Stursberg.
As the horde of loafing jurors swelled, Ethel started dismissing groups of us, selected by lot, a whole week early.
American Hoist & Derrick lost 1 1/8 to 9 5/8 after reporting that its earnings for the third quarter ended Aug. 31 dropped sharply from a year earlier.
Working with the distributors, the salesmen identify a suitable shop; the marketing team finds a contractor to paint a sign for the owner and ensures the quality of the logo. The first foreign investors in Vietnam were pioneers.
But the company said results were weaker than expected at its units in Canada, Britain and Australia. It added that its foreign units probably won't return to profitability until 1992.
The unions had also asked for a change in management.
Individuals who spoke with Mr. Milken as recently as late yesterday said that while some of his attorneys and others recommended that he accept the negotiated pact, Mr. Milken had still not made up his mind about whether to do so.
But the Reserve Officers Association and others say that not using combat reserves is a fierce blow to the morale of these citizen soldiers who train with active units and are required by law to be ready to mobilize in times of crisis.
The evening's total was about $2 million, said James Figetakis, an associate of Ms. Taylor's publicist, Chen Sam.
But the Fed later sent a signal that traders interpreted as a sign that the central bank hasn't yet launched another move.
"This is really the critical night," said police Lt.
The 18-year-old's piece pictures a wolf standing by a downed tree in the snow with a rising moon over the mountains.
The currency held up well, with the Australian dollar firming to a high of USDollars 0.6845 before moving back to USDollars 0.6835. That the interest rate cut was widely expected was due mainly to the economic data released last week.
If managers of the federal offices decide to hire temps strictly on price, the bigger firms could offer big discounts to win market share and squeeze out the smaller independent operators, says Mr. Kushell, the franchise consultant.
Opposition to nuclear power has swelled in the Soviet Union since the April 1986 accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the Ukraine.
It expects to submit the plan to stockholders for approval next month.
As for state officials, Featherman said, "I'm not sure the state wants the problem of managing Philadelphia's debt." Madonna said getting more state aid won't be easy, especially in an election year.
However, Ortega on Monday said that the elections would be held as planned, regardless of the resolution of the dispute over the Contras.
"They didn't hurt me but at one point I was scared for my life," said the warden, Roberto Sanchez Camareno.
Police said an unknown number of rebels were wounded in the firefight, in the Pasos district 15 miles south of Huancayo.
He then dismisses criticism of these decisions, which he sees as arising from the erroneous assumption "that the court's function is to replace law with moral passion, even if that moral passion produces dubious results."
"If the project was so compelling, they wouldn't have had to hire investment bankers." Mr. Picchi also notes that Mobil, Chevron and Petro-Canada themselves don't have the wherewithal to pour more money into Hibernia.
The sources would not identify the lawmakers whose offices were involved or say who might face charges in the case, the lawmakers or their aides, the newspaper said.
Lawmakers hope this provision will provide an incentive to reverse the prolonged decline in oat production.
Some blue chip stocks also rose in up-and-down trading that saw the Dow Jones industrials average fluctuate during the session before settling below a record high set Friday.
For all industry participants, keeping pace with rapid change will be essential to success.
Twenty-seven people died in the fire and 40 survived, but some with disfiguring burns.
S&P affirmed its A-2 rating for Fleet's commercial paper.
At least 30 people were arrested." Banners destroyed by police called for "freedom of the press" and "a press without censorship," he said.
But Chris Bonington, 53, leader of the expedition, told a news conference Wednesday "there's certainly not any conclusive evidence one way or another" that the legendary apeman exists.
Roland H. Meyer, 60 years old, was named chief operating officer.
Israel, Egypt, Morocco, South Korea and Lichtenstein took part in the talks for the first time, adding to the original 34 Western and Eastern European countries and the United States and Japan.
"Lyndon would deliver what we called Lyndon's `State of the Union Message' and that was that.
He will fill in the loan application and hope for the best.
He was a sports editor and wire editor at the Florence Morning News before moving to Sumter in 1936 as news editor.
If they take profits in a recessionary environment, the price could weaken, the dealers say.
"Another reason of the dramatic change in Tokyo is that most of the dealers who had been on Bon holidays returned to business today," he said.
Dingo died of a heart attack on Dec. 29.
We do sort of look alike, except I'm taller.
Webb countered by pulling out a written answer Reagan had given two years ago to a federal grand jury saying that no destruction of documents had been authorized by the president.
A typical RX-7 buyer has median age of 36, according to Rod Bymaster, product manager of sports and sporty cars for Mazda Motor of America.
Gasoline futures last traded above $1 on Aug. 24, while heating oil futures had not been that high since the price spike last December.
Most of the data, though, is generated on the plant floor and the key is to be able to get hold of it quickly and flexibly. For example, all incoming components from suppliers are barcoded, and the information is downloaded into the database.
Kinison met him and asked him to accompany him as a bodyguard, for lack of a better term," Dinse said.
If this situation continues, the wave of strikes will certainly grow." Some economists are puzzled by the widespread labor trouble. During a recession, they say, workers usually are more concerned with keeping their jobs than getting more pay.
With the chemical's current widespread use that risk is 4 in 10,000, it said.
"That's the tradition of Hero Street," Munos says. "It must be in our blood.
"What happens (with emphysema and bronchitis) is as it is with lung cancer _ it's what you did a long time ago that affects your current disease status," said Dr. Robert Hahn, a CDC specialist in lung diseases.
RATHBONE BROTHERS entered agreement to acquire Allside Asset Management Company for Pounds 650,000 in shares.
As a result, many of his apparently abstract works have compellingly vivid "subjects."
But it would leave enough goodies to go around that hardly anyone need be entirely dissatisfied.
The problem is not simply that Mr. Nair might have worked on the article published May 11 on these pages, something that strikes us as hardly enough to threaten the state security of Singapore.
These accounts enable employees to set aside up to $5,000 per family each year to pay for the cost of pre-school/after-school care for children through age 12, day camp and care of an elderly dependent.
"In the immortal words of James Brown, `I feel good!"'
"I want to be a prime contractor by the end of the decade," declares Mr. Hennessy.
Soldiers returned the weapons after realizing it was the Nicaraguan diplomat's residence, the State Department said.
'Our dedication is now to our work, not to remembering the past.' High-level corruption and financial misdemeanours appear set to keep the centre-stage in Spanish politics.
Amal has charged that Hezbollah masterminded Higgins' abduction to undermine Amal's control of south Lebanon.
The stock split and dividend increase affect all common shares, and must be approved through a shareholder vote.
He adapted it from the original story by Ted Hughes - who wrote it for his children.
And "it drives me crazy," says Mr. Neuharth.
We have significantly good ensembles, quite apart from LCDT or Rambert Dance: Lloyd Newson's DV8; Phoenix Dance; Kim Brandstrup's Arc Dance (with no subsidy), Laurie Booth and Russell Maliphant, Yolande Snaith, all produce fine work.
"You can bake them and boil them or dry them out, grind them up and put them in your cookies and cakes," Mr. Sroda says.
The new law, however, hasn't stopped legislators from compiling wish-lists for new programs.
The nation's total foreign debt of $121 billion is the largest in the developing world.
He, his father, and two other black residents who still want to remain anonymous went to A.P. Tureaud, an attorney for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
Miles of absorbent boom contained nearly all the oil in the narrow channel and spared the Shooters Island bird sanctuary, Coast Guard officials said.
"I don't see any indications that we've started a borrowing and lending cycle," Mr. Hunt says.
One of the grievances in Lithuania, for instance, is that the Lithuanians are short of food because half of what they produce is shipped to the Russian republic.
In announcing the policy, Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa said that the province is concerned that its population of 6.5 million people, most of them French speakers, may soon decline.
He said, "There's an old Greek saying and I suspect the Italians have the same one.
Integrated also rewrote its software packages last summer in Unix, a computer operating system that can run on everything from mainframes to personal computers.
And, given the quality of the poems, this is much more than an act of piety.
Ms. Cardoso died Monday at the Bambina medical center in Rio de Janeiro, a clinic spokesman said.
An Afghan division will replace them.
In August, all 78 opposition members of parliament resigned en masse, accusing Roh of railroading bills and ignoring demands for reforms.
At the end of the hearings, the committee will vote on the nomination and give its recommendation to the full Senate for approval or rejection.
"We have to convince the business community both here and elsewhere that Hawaii is more than a place to vacation," said Bill Cook of the state Department of Economic Development.
This is the final week, next Sunday the final day.
Although it failed, it had a long-term effect on the future relations of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy, and in 1867, the Hungarians were given a series of unprecedented privileges.
BARLO GROUP has received acceptances to its open offer in respect of 25.71m new ordinary shares, which together with 7.56m placed firm by Goodbody Corporate Finance, represents 95.06 per cent of issue.
Individual stories played a major part in trading yesterday, writes Our Markets Staff. Alcatel was the main story in PARIS as investors reacted nervously to comments by Mr Pierre Suard, the chairman, that turnover and profits would fall this year.
As everyone expected, the unifier is Mike Tyson, he of the 20-odd-inch neck and single-forward-gear.
National Gay Rights Advocates, a California public interest law firm, has filed a class action suit on behalf of AIDS patients against the Department of Health and Human Services, FDA and National Institutes of Health.
The other is finding the resources and the will to overcome a mire of poverty and ignorance.
RARELY HAS a UK government agonised so long and hard about an apparently simple question.
But oil exports supply more than 60 percent of the country's dollar earnings.
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette called Mr. Flaherty this year's "Politician Who Will Make the Arts Festival Safe for Society," and suggested he confine his critiques to food booth offerings.
It was not clear how many organs were found.
The project still has to be approved by the city's Board of Estimate.
A year earlier, Old Stone reported a loss of $6.17 a share, including provisions for loan losses and real estate-related investments.
Sullivan assured panel members that he is putting the FDA's house in order, restructuring its management and adding resources in the wake of the generic drug fraud and corruption scandal.
Japan expects to sell 3.9 million camcorders this year, up 54% from 1986.
But the people also know that the last time our opponents were in charge, America did a heck of a lot worse.
One target is Helicobacter pylori, an important cause of peptic ulcers. Magainin Pharmaceutical, based in Pennsylvania, is focusing on defensive peptides which frogs secrete from their skins.
Sales in the sluggish Northeast market, which had risen 9.3 percent in April, fell back 5.6 percent in May to 84,000 units at an annual rate.
Separately, Chiron said it formed a new company with a group of venture capital investors to concentrate on discovering and developing cancer therepeutics using biotechnology.
Some sellers are companies that went private in the leveraged buy-out craze of the early '80s and are under pressure to sell the company again so that investors can get their cash out.
Beset by a troubled marriage and his son's ill health, Cisneros last fall said he wouldn't run again and accepted a job in the private sector.
Graber predicted he would have the 100 votes needed for a veto override by the time the attempt comes, probably in May.
Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center.
'We now consider Malaysia as one of our major competitors.
The Energy Department argued that the companies could not be liable because they carried out the government's directions.
Since mid-September, however, it has surged from $32 a share to trade as high as $40 5/8.
On the Democratic side, Dukakis came in as the optimism winner, followed by Rep. Richard Gephardt and Jesse Jackson.
A spokeswoman for Burroughs Wellcome said the company doesn't currently have any plans to reintroduce a capsule form of the product, but will monitor consumer response to the coated tablets.
The committee is preparing a report on Anglo- Chinese relations. Lloyd Bentsen, the US treasury secretary, who is on a trip to Asia, arrives in Thailand.
"Things are better than they were," Calero said after the singing and cheering died down at the airport.
A second person who ate poisonous mushrooms at a dinner party underwent a liver transplant operation Friday, and another person was awaiting a donor.
Laos, along with Vietnam and Cambodia, came under communist rule in 1975.
Both governments deny direct involvement in the talks.
Raffles the blackmailer returns and falls ill at Bulstrode's.
Mrs. Carey made several films with Ford, Wayne, her husband and their son, Harry Carey Jr.
An old rectory might come to Pounds 800-Pounds 900.
But they're not going to get paid" for selling the non-Merrill product.
Tass, in its announcement Monday, gave no details of the Communist Party chief's schedule, and said only that the visit would take place in "mid-March." Leonid Brezhnev was the last Kremlin leader to go to the non-aligned Communist nation.
One solution seen by many sponsors such as Valvoline is to spend more money at small local tracks where racing is still valued more for sport than for big business.
He said the wheel was one of four on the right main landing gear. The cause of the mishap is under investigation.
Sulphur and molasses is an age-old recipe for spring fever, and here's its economic equivalent, something to lift your spirits and help develop the brighter side of things.
REVENUE AGENTS, who do the IRS's complex audits, left it at a rate of 6.5% a year, says a study by the General Accounting Office.
But if he notifies the government in writing that he won't appeal, he could be deported as soon as the State Department can find a country to accept him.
"It's anyone's guess whether Sears can get them back," he adds.
Workers at a Stepanakert silk factory spent two hours Monday morning cleaning a thick layer of dust from their looms and have other maintenance work to do before production is back to normal, Tass reported.
The airplane enthusiast was riding a bicycle after renewing his membership at the Experimental Aircraft Association Tuesday when he lost his wallet.
State GOP Chairman Michael Vallante came out with the Republican T-shirt on Monday, but he says he had the idea all along but just got sidetracked about getting the shirts made up.
The agents saw, but did not seize, 270 bales of marijuana.
But the opposition demanded that a multiparty interim legislature govern until elections are held. Voting is tentatively set for July.
When Christie and his musicians are on stage, I am inclined to think that there is more than enough to stimulate the imagination, for Purcell's delightful and magical world seems to lie at their fingertips.
"One of our tests is to keep the audience where they are, because there is a tendency for an audience to join in," said Jeremy Alliger, head of an avant-garde performance group called The Dance Umbrella, which is presenting the Boston shows.
There are nine restaurants, cafes or bars - and 38 blocks of toilets. The view down the length of the building from the inside is 614 metres long. Basically, the terminal has a large central core, with two arms stretched out straight on each side of it.
No one was killed, the official Soviet news agency said.
The three months price closed at Dollars 1,510.50 a tonne, up Dollars 20 overall and Dollars 55.50 above Tuesday's low. Lead was also helped by an LME stocks fall as it bounded to a 21-month high yesterday.
The McKeehans also still give presents to relatives, but they do it well before Dec. 25, by which time they are in Florida enjoying a secular vacation.
With interest rates for commercial lending fixed by the central bank, competition is limited, as is profit potential.
In another apparent attempt to mollify bank holding companies, the Fed allowed them to count as capital whatever good will they had on their books as of last March and apply it toward the 8% capital requirement.
Frozen hams and canned pork are the main items bought by USDA for distribution to schools and other domestic programs.
"This isn't the time to take the chance and ask them that," says Mr. Appelbaum, who adds that his home phone is bugged.
At his height he was one of the closest allies of Baroness Thatcher, the former prime minister. He was the epitome of a Thatcherite minister, a grammar-school boy who worked his way to the top.
But the ultimate payoff for BellSouth investors could be complete ownership of the new cellular-telephone company.
Tampons containing polyacrylate were withdrawn in 1985, and current tampons are made with cotton or rayon.
LENINGRAD= _Anatoly Gerasimov, first secretary of the Leningrad city Communist Party, lost to Yuri Boldyrev, a ship-building engineer. Gerasimov won just 15 percent of the vote to Boldyrev's 74 percent.
Mr. Newfield uses his rented bulb to light his front walkway.
"We will have a final agreement on all four or none," said Karl Falkenberg, a spokesman for the European Economic Community delegation.
Local journalists who work part-time for some of the world's large news organizations would be required to register if, as many do, they had more than one employer.
Congressional budget aides say that neither chamber is likely to approve the resolutions.
The group announced agreements with the state and private developers to conserve land around the pond where Thoreau built an cabin and lived for two years, and also promoted an effort to create affordable housing in nearby Concord.
All three will be based in Toronto with responsibility for Canada and the United States.
He replaced Anatoly Dobrynin, the long-serving Soviet ambassador in Washington, who was pushed into retirement.
When the farm or mining economy crashes or a town's biggest plant moves away, a small business's market can be wiped out overnight.
President Bush, Chancellor Kohl, Prime Minster Kaifu and the rest preside at a most hopeful moment.
The highschool senior has never actually seen a football game. But she thinks the jackets are cute.
The Senate Intelligence Committee voted 13-2 for legislation that includes the 48-hour requirement.
Stock prices, in their first chance to react, dove this morning before recovering some of their losses.
"Every time I see them, I feel like yelling out `Shazam!' like in the Captain Marvel comic books." A new decal will be phased in with new cars as budget allocations allow, Bolden said.
One day in 1987, he rode his mountain bike into two-mile-high Leadville (population 2,067), where the Climax Molybdenum mine had just shut down.
It was the the most dramatic show of U.S. force in the six-year Nicaraguan war and came in response to a request for help from Honduras' president, Jose Azcona Hoyo.
Kondo said the two foreign ministers' talks on the territorial issue were "frank, serious and heated." Moscow has consolidated its occupation of the Kurils, which guard Moscow's access to the Pacific, with 10,000 troops.
The plane would be significantly larger than the model 400, which can carry 412 passengers more than 8,000 miles, and more than 560 in short-range versions.
The smugglers were delivered Sunday to an Islamic revolutionary court in Sanandaj, capital of Iranian Kurdistan, the news agency said.
Bonn fringe benefits are already kept under relatively tight control.
If the waiver is denied, any member on the floor can raise a point of order to delete the offending section.
Some analysts predict a minority government in the next election, with the New Democrats holding the balance of power.
The corn contract for July delivery dropped 5.5 cents a bushel to settle at $2.3175 a bushel.
The dollar was up slightly against other major currencies in quiet European trading today.
The Saatchis "appear to be believing their own press clippings," said one British banking analyst.
The fourth building, Tower C, is owned by American Express.
He had his own TV show.
Leonard Daniel Wickenden, a novelist, short story writer and editor, died at home Friday of a heart attack.
The Limited Inc., the specialty apparel retailer based in Columbus, Ohio, posted an 11 percent total sales increase while sales grew 9 percent on a comparable-store basis.
Western Union closed unchanged at 2 7/8.
The legislation was introduced with support from 46 co-sponsors.
For its fiscal first quarter, ended Dec. 31, the company reported a loss of $1.7 million compared with a loss of $402,000 the year earlier.
It is a tall order, but it is more palatable than the international humiliation and Somali suffering which would follow withdrawal.
Bush, who is promising a balanced budget for 1993 while vowing to cut taxes and increase some spending along the way, has stayed vague enough to sound almost plausible.
Thrift industry sources speculated that Great Western executives had decided that acquiring Financial Corp. or some of its operations didn't fit Great Western's plans to emphasize expansion outside California, into Florida, Texas and the Northeast.
He placed a wreath on the tomb of the unknown soldier and decorated veterans and members of the Resistance with Legion of Honor medals.
"We could see whole lines of trees exploding," said Marc Anthony, a state game and parks commissioner who flew over the fire. A mushroom cloud of smoke could be seen from Scottsbluff about 90 miles away.
Before she went to the Transportation Department, she work for President Reagan as a White House liaison with women and minorities.
However, the cyanide wasn't the only threat from the spill.
The countries are as different as Poland _ whose government is wrestling with a political opposition and a weak economy _ and East Germany, which has a fairly strong economy and some doubts about the need for Gorbachev-style reforms.
It will take more than one sell-off to end the speculative fever in new issues and biotechnology shares, he says.
Get down to how to do this.
"Who do you like?" asked the candidate.
People need people, a national strategy for the requirement, and the opportunities, for volunteers was introduced on Monday by Ken Bruce, and continued through the week by him and others with helpful information.
The Labor Department's earnings data are used to index hundreds of billions of dollars of defense contracts.
Most corn futures prices climbed the permitted daily limit of 10 cents a bushel Monday on the Chicago Board of Trade as an expected heat wave that is reigniting drought fears moved into the Corn Belt.
The protesters blame the United States for supporting military rule in South Korea and partitioning the Korean Peninsula, divided since 1945.
They did so for one inning before giving up.
"We tried to stop her, but the troops opened fire.
Contests among the services branches are widely expected to reach new highs as the military budget shrinks and the assessment of the Soviet threat diminishes.
But I have never let go of Joan's Book.
Retirement benefits would have been increased across the board in the revised offer, while other benefits would remain the same as in the previous offer.
In the Fruitport case, the boy admitted he threatened to cut his victims' heads off with a sword or lock them in the bathroom if they told their parents, said Juvenile Court caseworker Debra Jensen.
The index hit its peak of 1,967.1 at the start of official dealings.
Republican Gov. George Deukmejian of California, addressing a luncheon for the trade ministers, defended the administration's free-trade policies, saying that competition was good for American industry and consumers.
The Kurdish Democratic Party and other Kurdish factions, backed by Iranian Revolutionary Guards, escalated their war against Baghdad two years ago.
A 5 percent minimum vote was required in one of the two republics to get seats.
"But your son has obligations as a soldier," said the prince, who also is the Saudi defense minister.
Tokyo markets will be closed Monday for a national holiday.
Others who have been made freemen of Dublin are playwright George Bernard Shaw, Pope John Paul II, and U.S. President John Kennedy.
"I don't see any prospect for progress, but rather for resistance, violence," says Robert Nathan, a Washington-based economist who follows Burmese developments.
Last summer he played for Sussex Second XI; last winter he took lots of wickets in New Zealand.
Gorbachev's decree also was denounced by Russian parliament leader Vladimir Isakov who told the official Tass news agency that Gorbachev, the Soviet president, overstepped his authority.
The fact that it is set on the eve of the Yom Kippur war is about as trite as another play on the night that Kennedy died: more nostalgia than comment.
Company officials earlier this week declined to comment on the layoff rumor.
Of the rest, about half are considered independent but are affiliated with a major studio.
Rubin said he wanted access to the Navy investigation and wanted to go aboard the USS Iowa.
However, the most spectacular performer of all, he says, is Spain.
She spent five months in a body cast and wheelchair.
We are applying to ourselves, or at least to our public and private leaders, standards of ethics never before expected of ordinary mortals.
To top it off, the Central Asian republic of Kazakhstan yesterday may have become the first fragment of the Soviet Union to throw around its nuclear weight.
Miss Brawley was found Nov. 28, seemingly dazed, outside an apartment that had recently been vacated by her family in Wappingers Falls.
The desegregation of swimming pools, toilets and other facilities once reserved for whites has changed little for millions of blacks who still face prejudice, poverty and hopelessness.
Mr. Heller's 140-person company stands to gain some credibility from its relationship with Fujitsu, which gives Hal access to the big Japanese computer maker's semiconductor expertise, patent portfolio and marketing force.
The ashes we find could be yours.'
Some military officials are uncertain that Fujitsu can be trusted to protect classified defense technology.
Ballard Shipping also said it will make available $500,000 for settlements with individuals who were financially hurt by the spill.
"On the whole," he added, "it's been very quiet.
Each would use new propfan engines, which are powered by high-speed propellers and are significantly more fuel efficient than current jet engines.
A "put" option is a futures contract that allows the buyer to sell Treasury bonds in the future for a price that is set at the time the contract is placed.
Nixon's representatives and Chinese officials are arranging the details of a sixth visit, though Taylor did not rule out a future group trip.
Chinese diplomats are busy too.
The offering circular shows the company's annual profit at $19 million on sales of $100 million, according to investment bankers and consultants who are familiar with the information.
The households were selected to reflect a cross-section of the population.
But then I had to leave, and I made my way through the fighting until I was able to reach my mother's house." A Red Cross spokesman said many people were donating food to the refugees _ "as much as they can spare."
The disclosure came amid Anglo-Irish tensions following the killing of a Catholic man on Sunday by a British soldier and the Irish government's decision to conduct its own investigation of the slaying, which occurred in Northern Ireland.
He died in 1915 when he was halfway through the letter `S.' The new edition also has been computerized, with the vocabulary of English since 1150 A.D. on a single data base to be available by home computer.
Yet Leyster's success as an independent artist is in a sense more remarkable because she was not the daughter of an artist.
Twenty-seven states still have adultery laws on the books, a survey by the Harvard Law Review found, but legal scholars say few states make much effort to enforce them.
"I'm afraid this is going to attract every little thief within 100 miles around here when they realize we don't have a police department," Seals said.
It was the older Knievel who made the jump famous and turned himself into a household name in the process when he crashed on landing and flipped like a rag doll through the parking lot and broke nearly ever bone in his body.
It affirmed ratings on about $5 billion in commercial paper.
After the CrossLand transaction, "bidders aren't going to feel that they have an option to buy things at fire-sale prices," he said.
He said, `OK, I'll let you have it for just $300,000.'" Beyond funny anecdotes, we hit bedrock when agent Jeremy Zimmer describes the realities of negotiation: "You have your basic mercy deal; you throw yourself on the mercy of the other person.
They might like eating the fruit, but I don't think they like the smell too much." Calling the spiky green fruit smelly does it an injustice.
Bombardier is already a major player in the business-jet market.
Gunshots and tear gas were fired before he gave up, a domestic news service said today.
About 400 people marched through the center of Rome in a commemoration organized by Italy's tiny, maverick Radical Party.
The 1986 law limits this work to people certified as qualified by the EPA, which set forth training requirements in last year's regulation.
The Soviet Union has been a major ally and arms provider for North Korea.
In this way, the long, global tradition of Hispanic culture can give inner-city Hispanic students a historically accurate sense of how they got where they are.
Several critics expressed fears that the program would hurt Portland's reputation.
In 1962, the Sandlers packed up their belongings, drove to California and eventually bought Golden West, then a sleepy institution with $34 million of assets and two offices.
Firefighters expected to contain both fires by Monday evening, he said.
The dollar's strength against European currencies during the period also depressed revenue somewhat, Pan Am said.
On the Merc, heating oil for December delivery settled at 55.85 cents a gallon, up 1.02 cents, another factor that helped crude-oil futures gain.
That includes not just directing but mouthing off about politics and causes. Maybe they're right.
But the recovery was months in coming.
If trusts for which they are trustees or income beneficiaries are included, they control roughly 47%, according to company documents and information from Mrs. Fink.
While he spoke favorably of the 1968 reform program of disgraced former leader Alexander Dubcek, Adamec also reaffirmed the supremacy of the Communist Party in his country.
Shamir rejected any territorial compromise and urged direct talks aimed at granting the Palestinians limited autonomy.
Milken widely is regarded as the most important American financier since J.P. Morgan Jr. in the early 1900s and he came to symbolize the bounty and excesses of a booming Wall Street.
"If anything, they're jumping up and down with joy," said Howard Stein, chairman of Dreyfus Corp.
Term bonds due 2017 have a 7 3/8% coupon and were priced at 99 1/4 to yield about 7.44%.
The median price means that half the homes sold for more, half for less.
It was made into a movie in 1987.
The official said it takes an average of 11 months to hold an arbitration hearing after a case is filed.
Nippon Steel was followed on the most active list by two more steels: Sumitomo Metal, up 19 to 769 on volume of 132 million shares, and Kawasaki Steel, up 55 to 1,050 on volume of 131.2 million.
An 82-year-old company with an old and loyal customer base and 7,000 employees, Foxboro recently emerged from a restructuring.
Their MBAs became prized commodities; their numbers and earnings soared; so did the salaries of their faculties.
The song, performed in 1964 by the Liverpool band Gerry and the Pacemakers, is about the northwest port city and the River Mersey that flows through it.
It has rich reserves of oil and natural gas, a strategic location and triple the population of any other gulf country.
In addition, the commission ruled that the phones must allow customers to make local or long-distance calls with coins or calling cards.
Texas Eastern lost 1 3/4 to 24 1/8.
To many foreign observers like myself the Reagan presidency has been an outstanding success, restoring to the world's greatest democracy its economic dynamism, its self-confidence and self-respect and its paramount place in geopolitics.
The Popular Front of Moldavia claimed Tuesday it had won about half the settled legislative races, but runoffs will be required in nearly two-thirds of the contests.
Indigenous peoples are thus already recognised as legal entities enjoying collective rights.
President Sarney's chief of staff resigned to assume control of Brazil's conservative Liberal Front Party.
There's ample evidence, too, that government aid hinders rather than promotes competitiveness.
It seems that Israel translates the protests into a `Keep going' message," said Dr. Hayder Abdul Shafi, head of the Red Crescent (Red Cross) in the Gaza Strip.
The generals each headed the National Information Center, the disbanded secret police force known by its Spanish acronym CNI.
The dollar moved lower in thin trading yesterday, with many markets still closed for Easter.
Before being elected to Congress in 1970, Mr. Kemp was all-pro quarterback for the Buffalo Bills football team.
"I think Saddam will win, and we will win as Arabs," Mr. Abbas says.
In Playa de Aro, Spain, tourism officials said Thursday they would sponsor Mediterranean holidays for a group of orphans from Timisoara, where the Romanian uprising began last month.
"The Age of Diminishing Expectations" is the first in a planned quarterly series of "briefing books" aimed at institutional buyers such as investment houses, law firms, banks and foreign embassies.
He hovers at the margins, reminding negotiators more is at stake than farm trade, and more countries' interests are involved than just the EC and US.
"All of us realize the more revenue we have in this bill, the less likely the president is to sign it," said Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., manager of the Senate tax measure.
Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. said it is negotiating to buy 117 acres for a second hotel-casino along the Las Vegas Strip.
"We are struggling from day to day," he grumbles.
He plans to appeal the convictions but faces likely impeachment by Congress.
Laughlin Phillips, son of the founder and former publisher of Washingtonian magazine, succeeded his father as the museum's director.
France has raised the PLO's status in Paris to that of "general delegation" _ a step short of diplomatic recognition.
Falwell denied the account given by builder Roe Messner, who testified for the defense at Bakker's fraud trial.
When he testified at his own trial last year, North implicated a number of other Reagan administration figures, including Poindexter.
Bond prices closed near session highs, and traders said that performance fueled buying in stock-index futures.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood accepted Drexel's guilty plea yesterday morning.
Morgan Stanley's head of junk-bond trading, Peter Karches, said the firm does own some Macy bonds, but in far smaller amounts than rumored.
The logistics for the cleanup will be staggering.
Dingell released the study on Sunday.
Strong enough, at least, to convince many analysts that the Fed would raise interest rates next week to slow down an economy that may now have grown by as much as 4.5 per cent or 5 per cent in the second quarter.
They mentioned vibrators on the show," Rakolta said.
Bush's biggest vote margin came in Florida, where he bested the Massachusetts governor by about 960,000 votes.
As many as a half-million people were expected to celebrate Independence Day in the nation's capital today with a full day of activities, beginning with a parade and ending with fireworks.
In another room, Marlowe takes a circular section cut from the middle of a condom, similar to a wide rubber band, and stretches it on a machine to test its tensile strength _ how far it will stretch before it snaps.
In a statement released yesterday, Koppers Chairman Charles Pullin said the recapitalization would permit shareholders "to maintain an equity interest and participate in the company's inherent long-term value."
When Goodwin, the owner of Grandma's, counted up 50 job vacancies for this summer and only 12 applicants, he bought a $150,000 three-family home to house workers.
However, Jim R. Porter, First Options' chairman, does say another 500-point drop in the industrial average wouldn't cost his firm money because its traders are operating under stricter trading standards and are putting up more margin cash.
The petroleum industry as a whole did not reap a third-quarter windfall from the Persian Gulf crisis, a leading trade group said in a defense of Big Oil against charges of profiteering.
The Canal Commission, which operates the waterway, has two new acting deputy administrators, both Americans, Ms. Frye said.
George Pollock, New York, a former allied member, was fined $2,500 for supervisory deficiencies.
Ershad stepped down in November after widespread protests against his rule.
Pulsifer, a member of a Maine-based group involved in the Aro project, has been named U.S. distributor for the vehicle.
The poor Third World countries without oil resources hoped the oil producers would share some of their wealth, but so far no formal steps toward that goal have been taken.
"That was a surprise for us," Mr. Santos said.
And finally, higher interest rates, softer land prices, and tighter restrictions on bank loans to property companies, have crippled the purchasing power of speculator groups.
Retailers have a recurring nightmare that seasonal shoppers will shy away from stores for fear of having to meet big bills later on. It almost never comes to pass; people get sentimental around the holidays and tend to over-spend.
In spite of the promises of a new openness in UK economic policy, we may never know the true scale of the Bank of England's efforts to prop up the pound.
The new system is to be introduced in 1992 when it is scheduled to be installed at the FAA's air traffic control center in Seattle.
A big seller of Bass undermined the shares, which retreated 9 to 534p.
The dollar was lower against all major currencies in thin trading.
The Peranakan restaurant, serving nyonya food, is in an old Chinese house in Jalan Tun Tan Cheng Lok.
U.S. officials appear to have given up a demand they voiced last week that Japan pledge a specific percentage of its annual gross national product to public works.
BBC1's tabloid telly series 999 (9.30) which shows films or reconstructions of heroic rescues today screens an amateur video record of the boy who fell into the gorilla pit at London Zoo.
And because costs in the dump business are mostly fixed, additional volume after a certain level is almost entirely profit.
But there was still some wistful talk of cut in interest rates. 'It hasn't lost it for us, but ask me next week whether it's won it,' one backbencher with a 6,000-odd majority said yesterday.
He said the statements by thrift-industry regulators "represent a reaffirmation by the federal government to stand behind the depositors of the savings and loan institutions across Texas.
So far 7.1m tonnes have been threshed, down 1.7m. Russia bought some 25m tonnes of grain from abroad last year, and ministers are hoping that it will be less this year.
"To undo what's been done will take three to four years," says one.
The Soviet Union, for its part, seems at present prepared to reduce these weapons only in exchange for cuts in the numbers of the newly crucial NATO combat aircraft.
It would allow students to attend public schools outside their area and provide tax credits for those wishing to go to private schools.
If charged and convicted of the lesser crime of endangering flight safety, they could receive a maximum of seven years in jail. However, the presiding judge of the court in Taiwan's capital, Taipei, said the hijackers could expect leniency.
He said Wright, a "strong-willed man with strong ideas," would probably want to continue to play a part in national affairs _ writing, speaking or teaching.
A passer-by ended the fracas by spraying Herd with the woman's can of chemical deterrent.
The new partnership, if approved by both companies' boards, will be named ServiceMaster Consumer Services Limited Partnership.
Such is the demand for major artists that musical events are often planned a year or two in advance.
In fact, it is uncertain whether the Arensbergs, who were residents variously of Boston, New York and Los Angeles, ever even set foot in the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Bush called the state-by-state survey "interesting and encouraging," but said he would stick to his strategy.
'Concern about pollution makes scientists feel that we should try to find out what is there before it is destroyed.' Marine biotechnology is still in its infancy.
Mr. Sorrell said he opposed moving projects to the new agency because "I thought it would weaken our position commercially."
"Death most probably was instantaneous" for the two sailors killed in the blast, he said.
Ball expects to use debt to finance most of its 50% stake in the venture, and Onex Packaging already carries of about C$110 million of debt on its balance sheet.
'The European Community is experiencing its worst recession since it was established,' says Mr Jorge Braga de Macedo, minister for finance.
"Horses are lovely animals.
First National Bank of Boston, New York, Boston and Canton, Mass., is paying agent.
Now, before elections for the more powerful lower house expected early next year, the new trials risk bringing out more damaging disclosures.
In the absence of any market-moving news, foreign exchange trading was dominated by technical factors, traders said.
The fire 250 miles west of Yellowstone burned more than 50,000 acres during the summer of 1987.
Yesterday, BAe announced it was writing off Pounds 250m for its loss-making turbo-propeller commuter aircraft division.
Prodded by the parent company to accelerate its growth, the unit aggressively expanded into real estate lending and junk bond financing in the 1980s and hoped the expansion would balance out the company's more cyclical businesses.
A scuffle between two students over a classroom seat prompted a two-hour riot by 2,000 residents of an eastern Bangladesh town that injured 50, police said Friday.
You know, if that's the only way you can run for the presidency, then I think our system is in deep trouble.
There could be additional arrests, authorities said.
In the normally understated tones of the British civil service, such language amounts to a polite demurrer to Mr. Lilley's policy.
The first venture will supply both brands of tires to original equipment manufacturers.
Last year, 29 people were killed in New Delhi in attacks blamed on the militants.
They include Jack Weeks, who came up with the idea during the presidential campaign of putting the governor in an M-1 tank wearing a helmet, a notion that even Kitty Dukakis says turned out to be humiliating.
The state, for example, used the banking system to funnel scarce capital to the heavy industries that led Korea's export drive.
Revenue fell to $5.4 million from $6 million.
Miami Report II's main focus is economic, however, and the authors offer what they say are moderate policies to curb the departure of capital from the region.
Finland tied the score midway through the first period, but Andrei Khomoutov and Viacheslav Bykov, holdovers from the Soviet dynasty, put the United Team ahead again by combining on a power-play goal late in the period.
"Only scuttled ships tend to make it to the bottom in one piece," Ballard said. "It appears the crew opened it up along its entire length.
Their intentions, I think, were clear _ to try to decapitate the Cristiani government.
The Treasury said the latest figures were encouraging. The December figure fits in with indications from retailers that shop spending picked up last month.
Authorities detained at least 240 demonstrators in two cities who likened communism to czarist tyranny, and officials jammed U.S.-financed Radio Liberty on Monday as it reported on the protests, activists said.
The exchange will take place Feb. 12, BBL said.
The aide to Mr. Rostenkowski said it was a coincidence that the Ways and Means chairman's change of heart came in the same week that President Bush reversed his position on tax increases.
"People don't come up here to see oil wells," Frederick said.
On the wholesale market SBC lists 15 varieties of equity option contracts, including as-you-like options, exploding options and deferred strike options.
In a meeting with an outside lawyer, Mr. West "noted that the company has experienced a number of problems because of its high profile in the press," according to a memo written by the lawyer.
By contrast, Dutoit's responsibility in Bell's Prokofiev is to realise as vividly as possible the bizarre colours of the scores, the better to set off the wicked solo role. He and his Montreal band (and the sound-engineers) do that to memorable effect.
In natural gas trading, the July contract fell to $1.602 per 1,000 cubic feet from $1.613 Tuesday.
The case is the first in which the U.S. government based its criminal investigation solely on corporate negligence, said prosecutor David Marshall.
The constable's wife and young children escaped, and the gunmen took a shotgun and two pistols when they left, police said in their daily unrest report.
That political crisis triggered the latest spasm of fighting in Lebanon's 14-year-old civil war.
Those who formed the new Democratic Center coalition are "pseudo-leaders," said Nicaraguan rebel Roberto Ferrey in a recorded interview.
Darpa found itself in the worst of all situations.
Serial bonds will yield from 6.25% in 1991 to 7.50% in 2000.
"I had trouble seeing where there would ever be more than $150 million a year in revenues," Mr. Shereck says.
The sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they are convinced human rights violations are not a matter of government policy but that those guilty of politically-motivated crimes must be brought to justice.
When it came to open primaries, Robertson's relatively small but committed "invisible army" was less effective.
The columnist, loaded with all this optional equipment, tried again to get his foot in Mr. McCurry's door: wouldn't he concede the inevitable? Okay, relented the auto veteran.
The Iraqi leader's seizure of neighboring Kuwait more than two months ago led to an unprecedented U.S. military buildup in the petroleum-rich region and has doubled the price of oil since midsummer.
Editors and writers have no time to untangle any tricky phrasing.
It was the latest protest against the government's plans to open up the airline, a subsidiary of state-owned carrier Air France, to foreign competition.
Separate agreements reached on grains, chemical products and a code on anti-dumping. 1973-79 Geneva (99 participants): The Tokyo Round.
Since your book is titled, "Trump: The Art of the Deal" (246 pages, $19.95), it must be chock full of exciting descriptions of your biggest deals.
Milstead, who is now divorced, was married at the time of the alleged affair, while Mrs. Johnston was single.
The quake, which measured 7.7 on the Richter Scale, caused relatively little damage in Manila but killed more than 700 people and damaged thousands of buildings elsewhere in Luzon.
Within days after Phoenix pulled out, the Boesky scandal depressed prices of junk bonds and of taxable municipals because of their indirect link through GICs.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 32,149.48, up 166.59 points, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Wednesday.
Perhaps because of its celebrity community, perhaps for its laid-back nature, Malibu, like other suburbs of the movie industry, gets no respect.
These are a quick way of providing companies with telephones because they use radio links and so no roads need to be dug up. Once fixed networks are in place, the cellular ones will be used for mobile communications.
His responsibilities were broadened in 1961 and he was made an assistant secretary of the Army.
The gases and chemicals from cigarettes have been circulating into lungs of unwilling innocents for years.
Students armed with firebombs and rocks clashed with riot police at four colleges in Seoul when they were blocked from marching into the streets.
A Jackson County Circuit Court jury on Friday awarded the money to Davina Gabriel, 34, who claimed the doctor who performed the surgery was negligent.
The indictments send a message that drug smugglers can never be sure who they're dealing with, said U.S. Attorney Dexter Lehtinen.
The smaller items are then fed to the Adept robots.
Fort Lauderdale police said both victims were homosexuals.
Skeptics point to a number of questions: the company's exposure to liability from waste accidents, the risks of diversification, and pricing practices that have led to a number of price-fixing lawsuits in recent years.
The settlement required Pinnacle West to infuse MeraBank with $450 million.
I've always found that even though there usually is some sort of a base point below which you presumably don't get any bonus, that invariably some type of an extenuating circumstances will be presented.
"I don't see this as a giveaway," Mr. Sikes says.
President Fidel Castro of Cuba, in his first trip to South America in 17 years, was among seven Latin American and European presidents at the ceremony.
The total amount of aid was not known.
Robert B. Pearlman Attorney at Law Charleston, S.C.
The settlement calls for the creditors to scale back their claims sharply in dividing up most of Drexel's $2.8 billion in assets.
"An eventual separation of a Baltic republic from the Soviet Union will be less pain from the point of view of progress and perestroika than an attempt to keep it by force, by tanks," he said.
State officials have ignored the statute, and last year it was declared unconstitutional.
The Associated Press Managing Editors association has awarded 288 citations to newspapers and broadcast stations for outstanding contributions to the Associated Press report.
General Motors Corp. spokesman Dave Hudgens said today he had no immediate comment on fleet or retail prices.
The nation's past presidents may need more advertising, judging from a survey that found youngsters able to name more brands of alcoholic beverages than former chief executives.
But his departure has in some ways weakened him. If Mr Tato faces opposition to his plans from long-serving Fininvest executives, he can no longer call on Berlusconi's backing.
The record cold air that stunned Alaska swept into the lower 48 states Tuesday, dropping temperatures in Montana by more than 70 degrees in less than a day, and the weather system keeping Alaska cold intensified to a North American record.
At the Repair Shipyard, 200 workers who rallied Wednesday morning ended their strike at around 1 p.m., one hour after management said they must leave or be fired, said Krzysztof Kamolak, one of the strike committee members.
In the southwest, officials reported severe loss to bean, sorghum and corn crops.
A pound of paper packaging reduces food waste by 1.41 pounds.
They were gorgeous, young; they weren't jaded.
That allows eye exams to last 15 minutes or longer, compared with three to four minutes with conventional ophthalmoscopes, he adds.
Among actively traded issues, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's 6.75% securities of 2026 ended 1/8 point higher, at 96 3/8, yielding 7.02%.
His or her fate will be decided by majority vote.
The FTC had filed an administrative complaint against the company in August 1987.
A majority of the stock in Aspen Airways is owned by the Donald Ringsby family.
Under terms of the agreement, most East Germans will be able to convert 4,000 East German marks of savings into West German marks at a 1-to-1 exchange rate.
When rates rise, gilt prices fall, and vice-versa.
He said the RTC had scared away investors by failing to set minimum prices and by pulling properties from the initial list released in early August.
And they say the companies are not direct competitors, with IBM focusing on the Fortune 1000 and Tandy focusing on what it calls the "Unfortunate 6 Million" small and medium-sized companies.
This, along with tightened credit, severely strained several Singapore brokerages.
The couple took a flight Friday.
The high court, without comment, on Monday let stand a federal appeals court ruling that Cathy Yvonne Stone, 37, is entitled to have her legal fight put before a jury.
They have names like Sparky and Jinx and say things like "holy cannolli."
Saddam Hussein's invasion of Kuwait seemed to throw up the bit part Turkey wanted.
An investigation into the death of Christopher Lumbrera continues.
Parris and Coleman have charged that Trible is giving up his Senate seat to avoid a tough campaign against former Gov. Charles S. Robb, the Democratic nominee for the Senate.
Lawmen over most of this 1,000-mile-long state were on alert for Salcido, whose 10-year-old car was discovered abandoned 20 miles south in San Rafael.
Presuming that Williams was Ms. Stone's father, the appeals court said she had waited too long before suing.
When the time came to give her a special surprise, Peter decided the party would be at Leon's.
Her performance reminded many of Louise Fletcher's acceptance of her 1976 best actress award for "One Flew Over the Cuckko's Nest."
George Marshall's ghost is much more difficult to keep happy.
Mead said his parishioners have asked.
"I am ready to sit in an international conference with Israelis, no matter whom they send," Arafat says in an interview in the Nov. 7 issue of Time magazine.
Dissident groups charged that a special police unit, the Joint Investigation Team, set up earlier this year to suppress violent anti-government groups, may have been involved in Lee's death.
But it will include trimming purchased material costs, eliminating "internal inefficiencies" and "redundancies" and improving controls on product design and manufacturing costs in Chrysler's vehicle-making and selling operations, the company said.
Byrnes works in the department's lands division, Howard is special counsel for personnel and Christina is a deputy in the Office of Legal Policy.
Daimler, West Germany's largest industrial group, climbed 12 marks to 620 ($360) after surging 20 early in the session.
The Du Pont Co. said Wednesday its second-quarter profit jumped 27 percent because gains in a number of key businesses.
No estimate exists for a magnitude 7 quake.
Oakland County Prosecutor Richard Thompson said the ruling left many moral, medical, ethical and religious issues unsettled.
Litton Industries Inc. received an $11.1 million Navy contract to repair aircraft navigation equipment.
Previous recipients of the award include Gregory Peck, James Stewart and Lillian Gish.
Police arrested four dissidents who brandished firebombs, took a secretary hostage and occupied a Labor Ministry office in Taejon, Yonhap said.
Obviously no precise projection is possible, but the death toll is staggering, with about 41,000 individuals killed monthly by heart attacks.
"The response has not been what Sears hoped for," said Scott Brandwein, executive vice president of Frain, Camins & Swartchild, one of Chicago's leading real estate brokers.
The action comes after revelations that Stanford was charging the government for such things as $6,000 to line Stanford President Donald Kennedy's closet with cedar, $7,000 to buy sheets for his bed, and depreciation on the university's yacht.
It said it received bids totaling $460 million, and that all bids it accepted were at 6.1%.
As for the south, it has changed almost beyond recognition.
He listed his home of record as Everett, Wash.
Mr. McNeill, 50 years old, has been in charge of the company's domestic construction operations.
Workers at Chrysler's four Canadian plants voted 96% in favor of the pact, which the union tentatively accepted Thursday.
But mostly it can be attributed to the ease with which an island state is able to limit immigration.
The non-callable notes are rated double-A-2 by Moody's and double-A by S&P.
There was no sign of forced entry at the office and sanctuary, housed in the basement of the college's student union, Oppenheim said.
During Bush's long opening remarks and Gorbachev's briefer response, Mrs. Gorbachev stood ramrod straight, clutching a black handbag in her right hand.
But yesterday, his hair was cropped short and he was clean-shaven.
A word processer sits on a table i her living room.
Its stake in Trafalgar House is viewed by many as another astute move. But as the group's percentage of earnings from Hong Kong declines, so will the level of its influence.
He engineered a huge defense buildup and ended the nation's post-Vietnam paralysis by projecting military power in Grenada, Libya and the Persian Gulf.
Even if Congress codifies the fairness doctrine, the matter isn't likely to be dropped.
"The power company is getting all the lines out of the way, the highway department is cleaning up the roads and the fire department is keeping an eye on peoples' property," Augusta Springs firefighter Frank Sours said early today.
A final decision is planned May 6.
"We are going to do it.
This year some agents are visiting families with a new life insurance video they can play on home recorders.
No longer confined to one industry or country, Atwood sees itself as a "driving gear" for all sorts of deals, in numerous industries and countries.
Ignorance about how to go about it is shared by employer and employee alike, Ms. Nadler says.
It slashed that proposal in late January to 10 cents on the dollar in cash when the airline emerges from bankruptcy protection, and another 70 percent over the following 10 years, without interest.
The company said Lowenbrau was Miller's only brand to have a volume drop.
The governor's office wouldn't discuss in any detail the audit's findings until the report is released Friday.
Defense attorney John Gill said the court automatically rejected defense arguments.
The troupe then embarks on a 20-city North American tour.
The trailer jackknifed and turned over so that the rig ended up skidding sideways, blocking both northbound lanes and the shoulder, Williams said.
The legislation provides only about one-fifth of the amount requested by the administration for a manned space station.
Bork said that if the Dukakis is elected to the White House, "the judges will effectively be chosen by Edward Kennedy," the liberal Massachusetts senator who is a ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee.
Of course, there's no such thing as free aid.'
"This incident has brought incredible devastation to regions of this state and will have long-lasting consequences," wrote Oral E. Freeman, chairman of the Permanent Fund board.
Sept. 17 _ Hugo hits British island of Montserrat.
Both the commission sources and the diplomats spoke on condition of anonymity.
During her monthly, 20-minute visit with Xu in October at Beijing's No. 1 Prison, a guard asked Xu if he acknowledged his crime.
Q. Mr. President, whom precisely are you criticizing when you say that the riots are not homegrown and not spontaneous? A. Well, we have had _ it's a little difficult for me, because I _ there's some things that I shouldn't be saying.
Both children were then suspended.
After spending a lifetime challenging the art world to reconsider all it has ever taken for granted, John Cage has written an opera.
The plan has been worked out under the auspices of the United Nations and is expected to be signed on Thursday.
Gabelli did not return calls for comment.
Among biotechnology companies, he likes Amgen and Biogen.
The drop stemmed mainly from huge losses at the Douglas Aircraft unit, which primarily builds commercial jets.
We quickly consigned an insurance salesman from Florida to be our "advance man," since he seemed most fit and least likely to lose the boards in the drink as we experimented with different, jerry-rigged configurations.
An omnibus veterans bill that included the cost-of-living increase died in the last Congress because of a dispute over benefits for Vietnam veterans exposed to Agent Orange.
The trip is an exception to travel restrictions attached to his release on bail while he awaits a March trial on charges he helped the late leader of the Philippines, Ferdinand Marcos, and his wife, Imelda, defraud their national treasury.
Although the loss was small in relation to Rustenburg's estimated annual production of 1.4 million ounces, the company probably needs to buy platinum on the open market for a stockpile as a buffer against any future disruptions, he says.
It's being used exclusively for corn at this time because corn is the highest nitrate-consuming crop, Colburn said.
Yet they all agreed on the need to cut red tape and housing costs.
'They even offered us scones and cream tea.
Woerner, former German defense minister, led off the outdoor celebrations at NATO headquarters on an unseasonably cold day in Brussels.
But he became ill with a form of blood cancer while living in Rome this summer and was admitted to M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston three weeks ago.
Trading could also get a boost from proposals to reduce smog.
The American people deserve no less from their elected representatives.
Both Lafeyette and Pharoah get headaches when they hear the gunfire.
Iran and Iraq traded missile attacks, with Tehran radio reporting four dead in attacks on the capital.
The graves of the victims (of cholera, mostly) dot the landscape. The pass is now guarded by the Khyber Rifles, whose HQ is close to the top of the pass.
Doctors say the 3-year-old girl was alert and well Thursday, three days after she was found frozen and clinically dead in a snowdrift outside her mobile home in Elkins, W.Va.
We looked at Pegasus Opera, and found it very powerful, but a lot of these packages need a PhD to run them,' says Ian Napier, development manager of Adams Inns.
Wholesale prices of capital goods, namely machinery and transportation equipment, climbed 6.6% in March, compared with a 4% increase in March of 1989.
Fires also burned in Arizona, Colorado, Montana, Utah and Texas.
"We had to write the book for the technology we use," says Cannondale's president, Joe Montgomery.
Last week, in a similar trial, seven people who allegedly stole weapons from troops during the June 3-4 military attack on pro-democracy demonstrators were given jail terms of up to 13 years. Another seven who turned themselves in were let go.
A few miles south, down a gravel road near the community of Lane, George Bradshaw and his two mentally handicapped sons live in a trailer roofed by a plastic tarp, without electricity, drawing water from a pump up the road.
Business is booming, you might say, because along America's Nuclear Highway, Interstate 25, the local customers are not your average computer or stereo shops.
Temperatures remained in the 40s in the park Monday, keeping humidity levels at up to 50 percent, but the weather was expected to begin clearing Tuesday and temperatures were to reach 70 degrees by Wednesday, drying the area once again.
But just because something is good for your neighbour does not mean he will not resist if you seek to force it on him.
Mozambique still receives most of its military help from the Soviet Union.
But the problem is not that Americans are "lazy," as a Japanese politician has recently been quoted as suggesting.
But they quickly add that they are unwilling to bet on it ahead of the employment report.
Baker said on Tuesday the biggest favor the West could do for the Soviets would be to offer its advice to help Gorbachev achieve his goal of streamlining the Soviet economy.
Repeating an argument made during the eight-week trial, North's lawyers said he was mostly charged with activities that were "authorized by his superiors." "A prison sentence for Lt.
"I want to keep all the hope I can," said Town Marshal Elmo Gatlin earlier when asked of the little boy's chances.
Ion Ratiu, who arrived Wednesday, joined opposition parties in denouncing the decision of the governing National Salvation Front to compete in elections in May.
At this point Mr. Walsh, who is highly regarded in art circles and who is described as a cautious and careful museum executive, faced a decision.
No sign of Des Wilson going gently into that good night.
One promising area, he said, is environmental services.
"We are still working to see exactly how much money was involved, but it was many millions of dollars," Salazar said Wednesday.
As head of research, he announced a raft of new products in 1983.
House investigators are eager to ask Borders whether Hastings was aware that his friend was arranging a bribe for him.
In some distant corner of the mainland an older, more distinctive Greece, a Greece in touch not with its classical roots but simply its recent past, had to exist. It does.
Paying out bonuses requires a high rate of return.
It is expected to be enlarged from its current dozen members to include the heads of the 15 republic parties, although this is not specified in the published proposal.
Khazraji has been made a special military adviser to Saddam, believed a demotion for the military commander, the officials said.
But the case underscores how plaintiffs' lawyers are increasingly on the defensive about their fees.
Cupid has been working overtime in this southwestern Ohio town as Valentine's Day nears.
The company said Eli Lilly & Co. currently is the sales leader in the U.S. with its cephalosporin.
Traffic lights in Athens were knocked out, causing huge traffic jams in the city of 3.5 million people.
The cries are anguished now because the spending cuts that were supposed to be part of Reaganomics from the beginning are finally starting to take hold.
But President Fujimori was relying on APRA's support to pass several key packages of legislation, including approval of his hand-picked Central Bank president.
The company hopes the facility "will shortly resume full production and shipment," Mr. Wood told a group of U.K. analysts and fund managers here.
Practice Makes Perfect: the Role of the Family Health Services Authority.
More than 2.2 million people were registered, but voting was concentrated at a few locations, and many in the countryside had to travel more than 20 miles to cast ballots.
'Prices are simply outrageous,' says Mr Pradip Shah, managing director of Crisil, a credit rating agency.
Fate is cruel: Mr Lawson may be partly to blame, but Mr Major cannot avoid carrying the can for the depression that today threatens his political career.
U.S. law limits loan guarantees to $25 million per country per year.
On Monday, prison officials will begin to house up to 90 inmates in dormitories that have been housing 50 inmates, Coughlin said.
"Now we're doing it our way," Mr. Bachmann says.
A FRESH START may be offered to delinquents so deeply in debt that there is no way out, says the IRS's Keenan.
Monsanto exercised its option in mid-December of that year, and bought Exac for about $14 million.
Nika TV plans to use official television's communications initially but eventually is seeking its own satellite system.
Relatives of other Americans and foreigners stranded in Kuwait and Iraq by the invasion are desperately seeking news of their loved ones.
Indeed, administration officials acknowledged that the new diplomatic plan was announced after a meeting between President Reagan and congressional leaders because so many lawmakers had urged greater efforts to end the war.
"Our strength is selling computers, not being in the foreign-currency markets."
The court, without comment, let stand a ruling that files compiled by the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Southwest Athletic Conference do not have to be made public under the Texas Open Records Act.
Federal prosecutors said that in 1984 McCormick told John Vandergrift, a lobbyist for the doctors, that his reelection campaign was expensive and that he had not "heard from" the physicians.
Analysts said the stock market would not make a healthy advance until volume increases.
The flurry of strategic steps began in April 1987, when a consortium led by the Swedish concern won control of France's state-owned Cie.
"I live close to the earth," notes the lookout, a 40-year-old who has a girlfriend in Greenville.
A day after declaring himself to be a life-long environmentalist, the Republican nominee traveled to Massachusetts and took a boat tour of the harbor _ an event aimed at making its pollution problems an embarrassment for the governor.
But Sun Microsystems has led a movement to offer less expensive workstations that are beginning to compete with IBM's PS/2 line and with Apple Computer's Macintosh.
Heavy snow in New England's mountains was expected to taper off today.
If true, this would double the reach of Iraq's missile arsenal.
Those for strict interpretation quote an article by Alexander Hamilton in The Federalist.
WITH CHRISTMAS just around the corner, marketers are fretting about how big a toll the stock market crash will take on consumer spending.
Average daily circulation was about 600,000 during October, he said.
In its annual report, the waste disposal concern disclosed that its Environmental Impairment Liability insurance coverage was dropped by a group of U.S. insurance companies last April.
A woman who answered the company's telephone Tuesday refused to discuss the case or refer the call to someone who would.
He didn't say when he would return to Hungary.
Two-way trade, which totalled Dollars 3.2bn last year, is evenly balanced.
The dollar shed nearly three pfennig and about one and a half yen overall, surprising many traders who had expected the U.S. currency to test the upper end of its range.
It was built against the odds in 1940 and saved from destruction 25 years ago.
Berdella moved to Charlotte Street about 16 years ago.
The inmates had to cut through bars on the cells, break a window, cut through bars outside the window and cross a fence to get away, Howell said.
"Most of what Greenspan said was constructive, but not surprising," said Mr. Solloway.
By official count, 12 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded in violence since Sunday when Tibetans marched in Lhasa, demanding an end to nearly four decades of communist rule and the return of their spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama.
The West German chancellor, on a three-day visit to Washington, also told Shultz that Bonn would accept modernization of short-range missiles, but that it first wanted NATO to chart a comprehensive arms-control strategy.
El Universal said parents were alarmed by the reports, despite denials by local officials.
But others disagree; for them, Friday's market was just a brief correction.
"The pressure is on them and we are closing in," he said.
The Mafia allegedly ordered the judge's death after he refused to let the Mafia sway him in issuing a sentence. The murders of Mafia investigators Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino has also fuelled anger against the Mafia across the island.
Nome, which looks onto the frozen Norton Sound, took on a party atmosphere helped by sunny skies and temperatures in the 20s.
The search is continuing for two other people who lived with the suspect, police said.
You have a baby!'
Taxable yields have been falling steadily for months, along with all short-term interest rates.
In 1986, AT&T rejected making personal computers at its Little Rock, Ark., factory, in favor of being supplied by Olivetti.
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, the group said that each of its members has executed an irrevocable proxy whereby any two of the members would have the power to vote all the group's shares.
As previously reported, the Securities and Exchange Commission said last summer that Gemcraft had improperly hidden from shareholders the fact that Gemcraft was obligated under certain conditions to repurchase the land.
During the first years of his exile in France, Tarradellas was arrested at least 14 times by the Nazi Gestapo and the French police.
But Vickers also said he planned to file an appeal today protesting the original judgment that awarded the building to Walter DeBow.
He said the prisoners are being held by the Nicaraguan Resistance, an umbrella group of forces fighting to overthrow Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista government.
As previously reported, the Canadian government earlier this week ordered the banks to more than double their current loan-loss provisions to between 30% and 40% of all loans outstanding to 34 less-developed countries.
"We'd like Congress to take up the nation's energy policy now, before the ghost of the Valdez is gone," he said. "Because as long as that ghost is there, there's not going to be drilling up there.
Keating faces sentencing April 10 in a California state court on a fraud conviction in connection with the bond sales.
If it passes, the result could be the emergence of a state larger than Germany in territory and as populous as France.
Arguing that concern about the Japanese economy was the main reason why PGM prices had cracked, he said local producers would have to send a signal by closing shafts for the price to recover.
The Slough of Despond?
At the Chicago Board of Trade yesterday, wheat for December delivery dropped seven cents a bushel, settling at $3.5025 a bushel.
"If we're ever going to advance the sport, we've got to stop acting like criminals," he says.
Most war refugees living in Iran belong to Afghanistan's minority Shiite sect of Islam, which is practiced by most Iranians. Those in Pakistan are Sunni Moslems.
Factories, until now spared the worst of the austerity measures, would face the same power cuts as households, it said.
The same goes for his crowd-pleasing, special-effects-laden video featuring the Knowledge Navigator, which Mr. Sculley asserts "isn't a product announcement but isn't science-fiction, either."
He also is chairman of Fitzwilton PLC, a holding company with interests that range from a retail chain to a sign maker.
Mr. Saunders remains barred from leaving Britain.
When the purpose of the abstraction is to deal with people, however, there are potential dangers.
But others were anxious.
Under the direction of grounds superintendent Peter Hatch, the Northeast Vineyard laid out in 1807 was replanted with 21 vinifera varieties (only a few vines of each) in 1983.
"Our farmers get caught holding the bag."
If government could divert resources to the poor, then they would be pushed out of poverty.
A European trust company that Fluor declined to identify purchased the South African operations, the Fluor spokesman said.
Mark Van Dyke of the Joint Task Force Middle East, indicated Friday that "strong evidence" indicated the mines "came from the same source" as the ones the Navy found in September.
But Endara's support has been weakening and the U.S. military's continued role irritates nationalists.
Ian Story, an analyst with the stockbrokerage BZW Meares Ltd., estimated the financier could raise 2.9 billion dollars through the sale of assets.
Most of the remaining hostages are believed held by Shiite groups loyal to Iran.
Winderlich told a news conference that protesters also had broken into the building's section for counter-espionage activities but did not discover the identity of the section's workers.
Wigton and Tabor, now he needs to concede that it was also wrong to charge them.
On the other hand, Trans World Airlines says next year's pay depends on individual performance.
Then, with the city outraged over the murder of Mrs. Stuart, blacks said police were out of control, violating their constitutional rights and trying to intimidate them.
"They have made their concerns aware to us," said Bob Shabazian, a spokesman for the American Stock Exchange, where eight Nikkei put and call warrants trade.
Under the currency union, East Germans had their wages converted from nearly worthless East German marks to West German marks at an artificially high 1-1 exchange.
A 150-member regional force was dispatched to this island nation of more than 1.2 million to guard installations and relieve the local forces for patrols.
Some economists believe a weaker dollar will help prop up exports by making U.S. products less expensive overseas.
The buyout plan is contingent on Allegheny receiving that waiver.
Jews say biases prohibit them from holding government jobs, getting promotions or gaining admission to universities.
The hulk of an abandoned car sits on one corner of the playing area. Squat, dilapidated homes line one side of the street.
In accordance with what might be termed Vorsprung Murk Technik, the Germans are customarily kept in the dark about road accidents in their country.
The receipt is recorded a month after the fact.
But reduced logging means that break-even point is seven to 10 years away. Elsewhere in Russia, environmental demands are important criteria when it comes to issuing rights to develop natural resources.
Analysts, nonetheless, said the decline would have little effect on the broader economy. 'We don't think it will have any economic implications except for confidence,' said Mr Paul Summerville, economist at Jardine Fleming.
Well, Mr. President, you've helped give the whole world a new birth of freedom.
The closing-night film will be Italian director Ettore Scola's "What Time Is It," which won the best actor prizes at this year's Venice Film Festival for stars Marcello Mastroianni and Massimo Troisi.
The draft bills specifically focus on one of the administration bill's key proposalsgranting oversight of futures margins to a federal agency.
The outlook for wheat prices at the farm also has brightened, reflecting brisk export demand and a reduction in once-awesome U.S. wheat stockpiles.
At the ceremony at Hradcany Castle, the seat of the president, Calfa pledged to help lead Czechoslovakia out of the debris of the Communist legacy, recalling the democratic tradition that prevailed before Communist rule.
And Nancy Hall, an industry analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Upham Inc., found the $960 million transaction close enough.
In other reports: _The Labor Department said new state unemployment claims for the week ending Oct. 7 grew 62,000 in a week's time to 396,000. That report amounted to a further indication of the economy's softness.
Gillette said that holders who want to retain their stock can sell the buy-back rights on the open market as the rights are transferable.
The army confirmed one Arab fatality and said it was investigating the circumstances.
Iraqi troops have sealed off the embassy since it refused to close in August.
The Eastern Europe of Vaclav Havel and Lech Walesa represents not the repudiation, but the fulfillment, of Roosevelt's purposes at Yalta.
The teachers want a 12.7 percent raise this year and are seeking class-size limitations and hiring deadlines for new teachers.
The FCC did not rule on whether Tariff 15 was legal at the time it was filed, which AT&T construed as a victory.
For travelers who don't want to lift a finger, there are tours by rail: Mexico's famed Copper Canyon with its 37 bridges and 86 tunnels; Canada coast-to-coast; a nostalgic trip on the Orient Express from Istanbul to Zurich, Switzerland.
Volume on the Big Board came to 45.15 million shares.
About a third of the staff stopped work at various times Monday morning but resumed after plant officials explained how the bonus was calculated, he said.
It stated: "Money isn't everything (Yeah right)." Efforts by the United States and Peru to agree on terms for a military aid program to fight drug smuggling have broken down, the State Department said Wednesday.
Britain's merchandise trade deficit widened to #1.16 billion ($1.85 billion) in May from #504 million in April.
The attack came the same day Colombians voted in a national election to choose 70 members of an assembly to rewrite the country's 104-year-old constitution.
In the first place, the protesters were demonstrating at a public function for which they received the proper political authorization; the march and demonstration that followed corresponded to the precise requirements of the Sandinista authorities.
Every venue is completed, tested and polished.
The government has concluded that both Eastern Airlines and its sister carrier, Continental Airlines, are safe to fly, but a bitter labor-management war at Eastern raises possible safety risks if allowed to continue.
The rights was well received in the City and it gave all of us a sense of pride. 'The more fundamental thing was George's legacy - it didn't all collapse when George himself suddenly disappeared.
Affected securities of Rochester Gas include single-A-minus senior debt and preferred stock and A-2 commercial paper.
It will be time to rake.
Pepperell, meanwhile, pressed the $62.50-a-share offer it raised yesterday.
An industry analyst, Robert B. Morris III in Goldman, Sachs & Co.'s San Francisco office, said the value of the operations isn't clear because AT&T hasn't disclosed their book value or earnings.
With Giesler's help, he beat the federal charges.
It is trying to agree redundancy with 150 branch managers within the next few months, and 120 computer and 80 clerical staff are also affected.
By settling, the company avoided $10 million in legal fees, Mr. Hirsch says, but the incident cost him $317,000 in bonuses and years of respect on Wall Street.
But even if she had been a public figure at the time of her father's prosecution, the appeal said, she was no longer when the book review was published.
It said the dead, taken to hospitals in Cairo and Ismailiya, included three women.
That's far below the 40-plus hours required at less advanced GM plants.
Russian suspicion of the West has historic roots that go deeper than Communism.
Chinese telephone operators often do not connect calls to the remote Himalayan region.
He was appointed chairman of the Texas Department of Human Services in 1987 and the agency's financial difficulties hang like an albatross around his neck.
In the West, Colorado next week and the Arizona caucuses March 7 are targets, but Mr. Kerrey can't afford to open too many fronts given his limited resources.
This year will be the most difficult.' Mr Cardoso do Amaral, of UAP, concedes the same point.
It is seen as vital to maintaining momentum toward a negotiated end to El Salvador's 10-year-old civil war, which has killed an estimated 72,000 people.
It is available on all types of mortgages, and no other policies are needed.
In New York trading, the dollar bought 158.15 yen, down from 158.30 yen late Friday.
Instead, the IRS will try to close the cases with data it has and notify the filers that no other action is needed.
"When you have to walk so far, you can't go into a place like that," Wilson said of the courthouse.
Stone was ordered to remain in custody until April 8, when he is next due in court.
Europeans are likely fully to understand America's carefree attitude to the dollar only if they finally achieve economic and monetary union.
Higher nominal interest rates, as well, would probably turn recession to slump and certainly drive the stock market lower. This week's stream of company news has not of itself been wholly bad.
Moreover, the survey found that only 10% of companies required managers to spend any time in development programs.
Quayle, in Utah for a fund-raising ski race, told a news conference he intends to go beyond fence-mending during three trips he plans to Central and South America over the next two to eight weeks.
That level was briefly exceeded yesterday as the market continued to defy bearish fundamentals and shrugged off a further rise in exchange warehouse stocks to a nine-year high.
A successful touchdown on Santorini (Thira) would more than triple the exisiting record of 22.5 miles for straight-line human-powered flight, set by Bryan Allen piloting the Gossamer Albatross across the English channel in 1979.
Contra leaders said last week that nearly all 12,000 of the rebels in the camps had returned home.
His fee from this case alone could catapult him onto the Forbes list of the 400 richest Americans.
What has kept the Tamil insurgency alive more than anything else is India, home to 50 million of its own Tamils.
If companies reduce the stock-option portion, they'll have to offer more cash to new employees, predicts Steven Garfinkle of Richards Consultants, a Wellesley Hills, Mass. search firm.
Military police launched an investigation into the incident, the officials said.
Last August, Hafnia Holding, Baltica's main domestic rival, suspended payments after its equity capital was wiped out by losses on strategic shareholdings in Baltica and the Swedish insurer, Skandia.
Mr. Lobato, who with his wife, LeAnn M. Lobato, owns 28.9% of the company, said it "lacks competent management and internal controls."
Analysts say the 10-term lawmaker is in danger of losing his seat in western Shiga Prefecture.
A Soviet diplomat arrived here Wednesday to discuss a troubled peace plan for Namibia in what was the first official visit to South Africa approved by Moscow in 33 years.
That approach intensified after the 1985 introduction of the reformulated new Coke, and the consumer firestorm that resulted in the return of the original formula (now called Coke Classic).
Markets don't go down in a straight line." The stock market rallied and oil prices eased as the world's battered financial markets gained optimism that a Middle East war had been averted _ at least for a while.
After the candidates have sparred, reporters leap from their TV monitors into "Spin Valley," a corridor lined with TV cameras where aides descend to tell us what really happened.
These are code words of judicial activism, not part of the Eighth Amendment prohibition on "cruel and unusual punishment."
Coordination is to extend to zones of operation, task sharing, logistical support and information exchanges, according to a final communique.
Livestock receipts, a major contributor to the farm rally, are likely to edge up this year to an estimated $73 billion.
Few companies have cut back support, say public broadcasting officials.
The photographs, where white faces stare out in sepia tones, portrayed another facet of the major changes at Mather.
"The majority of viewers were tuned in to watch Mickey and Donald," he said.
The first group of the 3- and 4-month-old birds are scheduled to spend several weeks in mesh enclosures in the forest 75 miles northeast of Los Angeles.
Open up one of Doctorow's books and be prepared: Harry Houdini may come to visit; Emma Goldman might offer advice on love; and Admiral Peary may invite readers along on a trip to the North Pole.
U.N. Assistant Secretary-General Marrack Goulding told a news conference in the Iraqi capital that each side on Tuesday handed over the bodies of eight soldiers killed during the eight-year war.
He sits under a crystal chandelier in a room fit for a Hapsburg.
But the good news for travelers regarding MaxSaver fares translates into bad news for most business travelers.
"There's a real trickle-down going on," says Thomas Sherman, deputy budget director for revenue in Ohio.
The federal government is receiving roughly $9,000 per month from the midtown apartments, while they are costing the government about $27,000 per month, according to RTC spokesman Stephen Katsanos.
Three other bombs found outside Penguin bookstores in three other cities and towns were defused or otherwise made safe before they could explode.
Lithuanians rushed their new legislature into session to declare independence before Gorbachev could be elected to that post.
Big Board volume was an estimated 157 million shares, against 189.63 million in the previous session.
The explosions damaged walls and broke windows of an adjacent office and a home.
But he said, "I still haven't found language which is an adequate substitute." McClure said a study is needed of the grant-making process used by the National Endowment for the Arts.
D'Allest said Arianespace had 30 rockets under construction and was in the process of ordering 50 more.
It estimates that in the US there are 34 PCs per 100 citizens, in Europe 10 per 100.
The report indicated inflation was being held in check, giving the Fed more leeway to ease rates without fanning the fires of inflation.
Asked what will hold all this together, Mr. Kasputys cites three broad principles.
The Bharatiya Janata Party supports the plan, and the government has vowed to stop it until the matter is heard in court.
Koch, noting that Dukakis has slipped in the polls since the Republican convention, said Tuesday, "We've got to get that surge back.
Net reserves are now over Dollars 200m, up from Dollars 23m when Mr Paz Zamora took office in 1989.
But he said school officials thought the parents had a legitimate concern.
Negotiations have taken place, but one source said both sides remained substantially far apart as of Wednesday.
But the most important task at the arboretum may be breeding new plants.
Shifting part of the burden to taxation would not bring the real costs of the system down. Mr Johann Eekhoff, state secretary in the economics ministry, argues that it is essential to extend working lives, and counter the trend to early retirement.
And in an analysis of 60 cases assigned to summary trial, the judge concluded his court would save $20,000 a day in jury costs alone by avoiding full trials.
First-nine-month net was $295,000, or two cents a share, compared with a year-earlier loss of $4.5 million, or 24 cents a share.
The Parents Music Resource Center founded by Elizabeth "Tipper" Gore says it is promoting truth-in-packaging to help parents and their children deal with an entertainment culture that is increasingly violent and sexually explicit.
Although there are obvious winners, there are also losers.
Of penalties totalling UM450m imposed over the last four years UM156m remains unpaid. Foreign governments and multilateral agencies have been insisting on wide-ranging reforms of the Mauritanian fishing industry in exchange for major investment.
A man asks a friend why he is reading the front page of Scinteia, the Communist Party newspaper, so intently, when everyone knows that the paper publishes little real news.
The handsome, articulate Bundy, a one-time law student who became the nation's best-known serial killer, for years had cockily maintained his innocence in the string of killings for which he was a suspect.
She had been under psychiatric care for about eight months, Verrastro said.
Meanwhile, eight out of 10 use derivatives for asset allocation trades and only seven out of 10 use them for hedging purposes. However, while there has been an increased use of derivatives by pension funds the changes have been gradual.
Democratic presidential candidate Jesse Jackson denied Saturday that he had been hospitalized, although a campaign spokesman said he had been treated in San Francisco, possibly for a stomach ailment.
Mr Berlusconi can use only one card - the threat of early elections.
Today The Essential History Of Europe is about the French.
Later, Rose will force Ginny to remember just how abusive "Daddy" was; as time goes on, that word comes to have chilling, Sylvia Plath-like overtones.
Manufacturers Hanover Trust's long-term debt is currently rated single-A-1; C.I.T. is rated from double-A-3 to single-A-2.
The monument is a great rough granite shaft rising from a mound in the middle of a tawny clearing.
Miss Deng has survived a ban before.
The tax fears took L100 off Generali to L28,390 while Fondiaria fell L793 to L27,697. PARIS was lifted by a firm opening on Wall Street but volume was generated by big block trades in BSN, Lyonnaise des Eaux and Generale des Eaux.
Memel Jacobs is said by other sources to owe about $8 million to banks and other creditors.
In August, the statue of Josef Stalin was quietly removed from Shkodra, a northern town.
However she favoured a flexible approach that would help projects in frontier areas which might otherwise not be developed.
More than one-third of the Hondurans were from Puerto Cortes, a Caribbean port 135 miles northwest of Tegucigalpa, said Information Minister Nahum Valladares.
Notes taken at the meeting show that DeConcini suggested that Lincoln could increase its home lending in exchange for regulatory forbearance.
"At this point, everything is in motion to go ahead," Kirk said.
Four days hence, on Monday, the regular winter conference of OPEC opens and all 13 members will begin the effort to take official action on the problem of runaway production.
The news sent the bank's share price tumbling $6.50 to $74 after dropping $6.375 Monday.
That would yield earnings (based on the post-offering capital structure) of about 57 cents a share.
Tens of thousands of people poured into streets and parks of the capital today to celebrate reconstruction of the southern port of Faw, which was almost destroyed during the war with Iran.
Lifetime, owned by Viacom Inc., Hearst Corp. and Capital Cities/ABC Inc, declined to comment.
Mr. Berle vehemently denies such accusations.
A group led by George Soros, a New York investor, is recommending that Kansas City Southern Industries Inc. spin off its financial-services businesses as well as other units not related to its transportation business.
I don't know anything about skinning cats, but I do know there's more than one way to write a play.
Parris lost his position as minister and any hopes of personal recovery.
For instance the shortie jacket over legs alone became a sort of pretty coat-dress this time and in fact was cut sexily like a tulip.
Four new directors were appointed at this utility firm, increasing board membership to 16.
In a move that was anticipated, Chase Manhattan Corp. said it placed about $2.3 billion of loans to Brazil on non-accrual status.
Fifteen years after the first oil embargo, the U.S. economy has stopped making gains in energy efficiency, according to experts, who add that the country may be losing ground instead.
At the time Korczak was teaching medical students and operating a big, humanistic orphanage on the outskirts of Warsaw.
Schedule III, IV and V drugs pose a lesser danger and are deemed less subject to abuse.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, NCR closed at $55.25 a share, down $2.25.
Even then it would make little sense on the standard definition of public investment.
A strong life business adds another defensive dimension. But such theoretical considerations will carry little weight with anyone other than value funds.
But Cargill said it wasn't aware of the nature of the employees' violations at the time, and didn't benefit from, endorse or condone the activities in question.
Instead of the farm, his home is a plush mansion outside the capital.
The yield advantage of mortgage issues above Treasurys has moved to the narrowest level since March 1987.
Although they appreciate it, it's making the day-to-day operations very difficult.
However, he said he could envision West Germany helping the Soviets retrain thousands of soldiers returning from East Germany, who could face unemployment back home.
They include a reduction of state subsidies, increased taxes and higher interest rates.
We wear different clothes now and don't fish with spears."
Zhang Xuexin, a waiter at the Good Taste Restaurant in the Happy Valley district, expressed the feelings of many: "I'm terrified of what will happen when the Communists come.
He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term.
Four finance ministers and three central bank governors have been defeated in the last year by inflation, which is running at 2,000 per cent per annum, and Brazil has slipped from being the world's eighth largest economy to be the 10th.
Having solved UK problems, it has potential in all its main markets.
Another problem for a capital-gains-tax cut is how much it would cost.
He was hit twice _ in the left breast and in the left arm _ but managed to stagger into a hallway before he collapsed, Goslin said.
If that money were ploughed back into roads, the AA argues, there would be no need for tolls.
Infra-red emissions are suppressed by a new optical filtering technique and colour contrast is thus improved and light reflection reduced.
One of the many companies controlled by Jaffe has sought to share in an Air Force program, under study by Congress, for developing the nation's next jet pilot training aircraft, according to numerous news accounts last week.
It's becoming a little weirder now. Before it was very melodic.
The state accused the three men of setting off a car bomb with a remote control device outside a house owned by the African National Congress in Bulawayo on Jan. 12, killing an unemployed Zambian who helped with the attack.
Mikhail Gorbachev's meeting with South Korea's president in San Francisco next week could eventually lead to diplomatic relations between the two nations and unification of Korea, a scholar says.
All of the comments came in advance of a Fort Worth Star-Telegram poll, released late Tuesday night, that showed Williams with a 45-41 percent lead in a survey that has a 3 percent margin of error.
The basic Amiga 2000 comes with two disk drives and one-half megabyte of memory, or 512 kilobytes.
Stories of hardships on the Great Trek and battles with African warriors have taken on mythical proportions for the country's 3 million Afrikaners, who dominate government and make up 60 percent of the white population.
I run in the park.
A gunman shot four people in a rampage through a hospital emergency room Saturday evening, and police worked to secure patients and staff from the marauder, a hospital official said.
The degree of regimentation matters; at three months children usually are removed from their families for all but a day a week.
Magma acquired the Robinson property in two transactions in 1990 and 1991 for about $55 million.
China, the capitalist countries of Southeast Asia and the West support a three-party resitance coalition comprised of forces loyal to Prince Norodom Sihanouk, the Khmer Rouge and Son Sann, a Western-leanding politician.
In another case in Clearwater, Fla., the high court's ruling supersedes a federal judge's ruling that the city can't force churches to disclose financial data if they accept donations, Kelley said.
The Fed appears to be allowing a key short-term rate to rise in a bid to restrain inflation.
"It goes with the territory."
The European aircraft-manufacturing consortium threatened legal action against the unidentified sources of the charges made Thursday by the Central Bureau of Investigation in New Delhi.
Millions of them may flood out of countries suffering from insufficient food, housing and jobs into those where conditions are better.
Reagan's final words, "God bless America," touched off a tumultuous demonstration on the floor, which erupted in even greater cheering as he was joined on the podium by the first lady.
Washington communications lawyer Tyrone Brown had been serving as publisher on a caretaker basis, Mr. Johnson said. He added that he hopes the magazine will break even in three years.
Its IPounds 100m cash hoard makes the company a financially solid business, but the market may get impatient if the continental expansion does not bring the expected rewards in terms of higher earnings.
He declined to explain why Carroon Lichtenstein was unacceptable.
She would have liked to rejoin the Kirov, she said, if only she was younger.
GM currently has an 87-day supply of its Pontiac 6000 model, for example.
GP Express, an independent airline serving much of Nebraska, estimates that nearly 40% of its revenues come from the subsidies that, in some cases, exceed the cost of a ticket.
Western diplomats here said this was a good possibility.
Overall, some forecasters say corporate profits fell to an annual rate of about $145 billion in the fourth quarter, down 12% to 15% from a year earlier.
The automaker said last week it had agreed to acquire the Tulsa-based Thrifty for $263 million.
They needed little persuasion, he says, to see the advantages of closer cross-border collaboration. A year ago, he set up eight 'core teams', covering KGFE's principal product categories and the main marketing functions.
Lozano testified that Lloyd's motorcycle headed straight at him in the wrong lane, and he fired instinctively.
ITT Hartford's profit rose 7% to $291 million from $271 million. ITT Financial's operating profit, however, was substantially below the prior year's.
Mongolia, ruled by Communists since 1921 and long a client of the Soviet Union, has cautiously followed the Soviet lead in embracing "perestroika," or reform, but apparently not quickly enough for some of its citizens.
'There are those in France who say France will disappear in the construction of Europe.
He once characterized his disagreements with Charles and David as business disputes and said he has "a great deal of respect" for his brothers.
The reporters wanted to talk about sex.
He also said many records of the old East German leadership were destroyed by the secret police when it became clear the Honecker regime was crumbling.
Merrill officials said the loans have been repaid, although they couldn't immediately say when.
Jurors who convicted a former Los Angeles policeman of murdering a Las Vegas socialite and two others decided Sunday the death penalty should be imposed for each of the three killings.
Critics said the decision was to prevent the committees in each of Poland's 49 provinces from becoming parallel, possibly rival organizations to Solidarity.
They have a problem, I don't have a problem," Rinehart said.
A spokesman for Kurdish rebels said Wednesday that Iraqi troops were massing for an all-out offensive against the guerrillas, who are supported by Iran.
His policy of glasnost, or greater openness, has encouraged more open public debate and a wide-ranging re-evaluation of Soviet history and future prospects.
But Yeager, the first man to break the sound barrier, has worked for the past six years as a consultant to Northrop Corp. of California, a competitor of General Dynamics Corp.
Gaviria was particularly critical of the country's largest guerrilla group, the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces, known by its Spanish acronym as the FARC.
He says he reassured Reagan administration officials two years ago that the declining dollar would eventually bring the trade deficit under control.
"This thing got to me emotionally," the judge said later. "I had to adjourn court for a while." He returned to the bench and ordered the clerk's office to prepare citizenship certificates. "They were up here in 10 minutes," Rubin said.
He is generally seen as the brains behind the military regime in Sudan, which gets about as bad a press as any except that of President Saddam Hussein in Iraq.
That nation is past." Mr. Pavlychko and some other Ukrainian officials are skeptical about the recently signed economic agreement, which they say isn't workable.
For the first 11 months of the year, orders were up 9.3 percent over the comparable period in 1987.
Randall Iwase, Dennis O'Connor and Jerry Souza were far behind.
Reporters were not allowed to cover the fund-raiser.
It's been proposed that hydrogen gas from such water splitting would become the nation's major fuel.
The International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, which represents 8,500 Eastern baggage handlers and other ground services workers, wants $50 million in salary increases.
In these searches, investigators inspect plane crash sites, interview villagers who witnessed crashes and collect other evidence of missing soldiers.
The latest U.S. Treasury auction results also were ignored.
About 80 percent of the economy involves services: banking, the Panama Canal, construction and government work.
The government also sponsored an Olympic-style Pan-Korean athletic competition in late 1989 that drew 1,326 Korean competitors from 50 nations.
Three-month sterling cash closed a little softer at 6 1/8 per cent following the small shortage of Pounds 1bn forecast by the Bank of England.
Current best practice is to round up such small sums to Pounds 10.
The disk-drive maker said the new financing replaces a $35 million credit line with BankAmerica Corp.'s Bank of America unit and will be used for additional working capital.
Not only was it making heavy losses, it had become a symbol of what was wrong with much of European industry - it had superior technology but could not bring it successfully to the market. Its experience with video cassette recorders is a case in point.
Consolidated Rail Corp. raised its estimate of the price its initial public offering will fetch to between $26 a share and $29 a share.
I know everybody else does around here, but I don't.
They fell into oblivion after the 1929 crash.
Ironically, consumers may be courting food poisoning in their haste to get the looks and tastes of mother's kitchen without any of the bother.
Some say Signature may be sold to another computer company.
Mohammad Nabi Amani told reporters the bridge near Sarobi, about midway between the capital and Jalalabad, was destroyed Tuesday by explosives planted on the span. He said the bridge was one of about 100 on the paved highway.
'This man loved life, he was joyful.
Analysts give Bristol-Myers credit for producing a stream of experimental drugs for Alzheimer's disease, senility, stroke and learning problems.
Francis Krejsa has retired from TESCO.
Drexel Burnham lost a bid to disqualify Judge Milton Pollack from presiding over the SEC's civil fraud case against the securities firm and others.
He returned during a week in which scores of blacks died in the chronic factional fighting involving ANC supporters and rivals that has wracked black townships around Johannesburg for months.
Losses per share were 1.16p (earnings 0.72p).
Handwritten comments by Green's superiors in the margin of his reports praise his progress, saying "stay close to her" and "very good prospect." At one point, Green described his visits to Latta as a "cultivating job."
Annunzio is chairman of the House Banking subcommittee on financial institutions.
'There is no call for these skills elsewhere,' he said. Now he is a fish salesman in Loughbrough, a 15-mile drive from his home. What he misses most, he says, is the 'laughs with the lads'. Many ex-miners yearn for the team spirit of the pit.
Galan, the leading presidential candidate, was an outspoken foe of the drug traders.
He was the first person to stand trial on charges stemming from an FBI sting of statehouse corruption.
Unitrode had a profit of $411,977, or three cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier. Unitrode said the third-quarter loss stems from its semiconductor products division.
Jesse Jackson quietly ended his dramatic week in Atlanta saying his mission now is to help Mike Dukakis win the White House this year.
Something is going on.
"Every once in a while we do get a call from a community interested in enhancing its tax base," Sloan said in Washington. "But the reality is that most retirees don't move very far." Still, the biggest promotional obstacle may be the weather.
They get more exposure to the lower priced stocks, some of which are very good and some of which aren't."
Here's a guy whose got to have doubts given the fact that one of his close supporters tried to run a coup on him.
Snow plows could not keep up with blowing, drifting snow in many areas.
Both Mobil and Indian Oil had much to offer and much to gain at a time of growth in the region.
The long-range HH 53C helicopters, based in Woodbridge-Bentwaters in eastern England, had flown to Shannon International Airport on Friday night and took off early Saturday for the flight of more than 200 miles to the vessel.
EPA is under congressional order to have 175 underway by this October.
An NTT Basic Research Laboratories team led by Eiichi Yamaguchi published a report in April's Japanese Journal of Applied Physics saying they triggered a "gigantic" blast of one million to two million neutrons a second for two to three seconds.
A general strike Thursday in the occupied lands, called for by the PLO, seemed to be as widely observed as any such strike since the uprising began.
Its sharply increased use is indicated by the number of prescriptions filled, which rose 14 percent from 1983 to 1986; prescriptions for most drugs increase about 1 percent a year, according to federal statistics.
Certainly, Logan's new landing fees have drastically changed the costs of doing business at the airport.
Soviet and Swiss authorities have agreed to establish a joint-venture management school and research center in Kiev, it was announced Monday.
It closed at 757.5 per D-Mark. The lira speculation added to nervousness about the peseta and the Bank of Spain announced that it too was intervening to support the currency.
He said complying with Spong's request would "keep me from exercising the ministry I've been called to do." Church officials are investigating whether Williams misled the commission about his views during the screening process.
The workers in the canteen are the survivors, so far, of one of Britain's most dramatic redundancy programmes.
The Federal Aviation Administration, in another step designed to reduce the chance of air sabotage, soon will propose a computerized security system to tighten control over access to planes, the agency's director said today.
The scenario, played out 13 years ago in what became known as the Tiananmen Incident, is being repeated with haunting similarities as students mourn former Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang and demand political reforms.
She wants a roll-call vote on the old statute.
Police say the larcenous hopes of two boat burglars were dashed when they realized they were up a creek without a paddle.
But the quid pro quo from provincial leaders must be an agreement now to implement reforms which will prevent another boom-bust cycle.
A decline in the dollar's exchange value can raise the relative prices of imports and cause a higher price level just as a crop failure can.
Their leader, Aung San, negotiated the end of colonial rule and would undoubtably have become the country's first leaders if he had not been assassinated in 1947.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at 2959.75, a gain of 14.98 points.
Since the Oct. 19 stock market crash, nervous investors have poured a record $32.3 billion into money-market mutual funds from stocks and other investments.
He signed up his company to rent of one of the prestigious boxes at $25,000 a year.
How many asked an owner whether they could come and view the object no one knows.
Brown-Forman said First Boston Corp. has been retained to assist it in the search for a buyer.
There are a lot of really important issues and they had to light on that to talk about." Jones, whose training was on stage, mostly acts in movies and TV now. "The energy factor gets more and more difficult.
Debate was to continue Friday, with the Law on Land also on the agenda.
It quoted him as saying his information for the story came from a politician with extremely good royal connections who had correctly tipped him the previous year that Princess Margaret, the queen's sister, would get a divorce.
Paul said 'Go for it' and I did."
But in their hotel room, "what looks like a cockroach is scurrying across the floor," Mr. Miller recalls.
On his arrival from Poland, Walesa told a news conference at Heathrow Airport that he expected Eastern bloc defense budgets to decline gradually as democratic reforms are enacted.
Among active secondary issues, Government National Mortgage Association 8% securities for January delivery were up 6/32 at 100 21/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.
I am putting out my hand to you, Mr. Majority Leader.
"If we are encouraged by their example to move from here to make this world a place of peace and love through the mutual service we give to one another, then senselessness will be turned into fullness of life," he said.
In both California and New Jersey, about a quarter of Democratic voters said they were not sure of Dukakis' ideology, less than in earlier races but still an indication he was somewhat ill-defined, said John Brennan, an ABC poll analyst.
The entire dispute settlement process of the WTO, one of the main US objectives in the launch of the Uruguay Round, could thus be put at risk.
Societe Generale's secretive and old-fashioned image has been fostered by its relations with the press.
We should already know all of that, he suggests.
"I don't think they're interested in a daily diet of this kind of thing and it's one of the reasons, at least at this point, the Republican campaign seems to be in trouble," Dukakis said in Boston.
They volunteered to let them search the car, their house, whatever," Anderson said.
But it expected considerably more public funds would be needed since many women who need better prenatal care live near or below the poverty line.
After 12 days and more than 90 hours of deliberations, the jury of nine women and three men in federal court in Manhattan said they were hopelessly deadlocked in a three-way split and U.S. District Judge Mary Johnson Lowe declared the mistrial.
This will pave the way for a new currency to be introduced.
Moore is the second West Virginia governor to be convicted of federal charges.
The company wants to offer portable-phone service through a network of more than 70 low-orbit satellites by the end of the decade.
Her two pet Maltese dogs, Sophie and Tati, scamper in to bark hello.
My wife received a mailshot from Bristol and West about a 10-year endowment savings plan with Eagle Star.
As of June 30, Midwest Financial had 4.5 million common shares outstanding.
Michel Aoun, whose 11-month mutiny in the Christian heartland was crushed by a Syrian-led military blitz.
The companies said distribution of the new vehicles would be split evenly between Chrysler and Mitsubishi.
"Contributing to the accident was the degradation of the captain's performance resulting from his use of cocaine before the accident," the board said.
The fact that the Stock Exchange will take no decision on the date of T+5 until October has been in the public domain for months.
After years of being passed over by the fashion establishment, the 48-year-old woman with the ever-youthful eye was named Designer of the Year Monday night at a star-studded charity gala at the Royal Albert Hall.
Sprint must cut costs at the same time.
Not bad for a 10-year-old kid with only eight fingers, eh?
"I have personally suggested to Mrs. Hollander that I thought it would be appropriate for the chairman of the board and me to meet with her and her husband and we have had no reponse, despite following up by phone," Mr. Jenkins said.
'But as its market erodes, it has a disincentive to fund the full range of work because its competitors can free ride.' By the new pattern in the US, aggressive small and mid-sized firms invest heavily in research, while the old giants hold R&D down.
That will be my views as to what has to happen _ hopefully within a month _ of 1990.
Prices last week were off 41% from six years ago and 11% from last year's sale.
Nine of the charges carry maximum penalties of five years in prison and fines of $250,000 each.
"Disappointment about the dollar's decline and also that the expected post-election rally failed to appear has put buyers on the selling side again."
The company stumbled last year because of a tough product transition and the recession, but he thinks it is back on track.
After four decades of communism in Eastern Europe, the first Peace Corps volunteers in Poland and Hungary are truly pioneers, Coverdell said.
The U.S. must also demand removal of hundreds of Soviet advisers, the cessation of military supplies and a review of treaties that might tie Afghanistan inextricably to Moscow.
Hasenfus, the sole survivor, was joined in the suit by the family of co-pilot Wallace Sawyer Jr., who was killed in the crash.
The role of precedent is different in cases interpreting a written Constitution.
In fact, 28 of them, run consecutively, like a long prison sentence.
A group at the University of Rochester said it was able to conduct pulses of electricity as short as 10 to 15 trillionths of a second without distortion through a sample about one-fifth of an inch long.
His tan slacks and blue worker's jacket, saved from before he went to prison, were loose on his slight frame.
Then-GSA Administrator Gerald P. Carmen dismissed Berube after he alleged that many federal buildings in Washington posed serious fire and health hazards.
"Lechmere is growing and profitable and we are pleased that the company will continue to serve its customers," Allbright said.
Fixed annuities traditionally have been regarded as insurance contracts because investors never risk their principal.
Abbott Laboratories said a preliminary injunction enjoining it from selling several products at the center of a patent dispute with Eli Lilly & Co.'s Hybritech Inc. unit won't have a significant impact on future sales or earnings.
The dollar fell especially sharply against the yen. Gold prices drifted slightly lower yesterday; oil futures were mixed.
Hotel manager Gary Cooper said the sound of the first explosion awakened him.
But doctors at Newington believe she has gotten worse, said Thomas Hanley, a hospital spokesman.
Rice said he created the contest to provoke San Jose State students to approach writing playfully and with a sense of whimsy. A campus literary organization is named the Bulwer-Lytton Undergraduate Society.
Peter Merner of Merner Research bets it hasn't.
Admittedly opinionated on the matter, he cites all manner of violations he has witnessed.
It was founded following a recommendation of the National Academy of Sciences that an American oceanographic lab was needed on the East Coast.
Other states with a high share of outbound households were Iowa, Wyoming, Louisiana and West Virginia.
Gov. Richard Celeste, who toured the area for the second time Saturday, repeated how shocked he was at the destruction.
He said a few churches _ "not of too much historical importance" _ were destroyed for the project, while at least eight others have been moved so that they are now hidden behind the new buildings.
The congress on Sunday voted to continue party politics at factories and work shops.
Two years ago, I arranged to make additional voluntary contributions (AVCs) to my employer's pension scheme.
THE International Monetary Fund will seek approval for two measures to support developing and former communist economies at its annual meeting this month.
He announced he has wrested a promise from the Reagan administration to promptly release two reports bearing on alleged Soviet violations of arms control treaties and the effectiveness of proposed verification of Soviet compliance with the new treaty.
Mr. Lange added that the weak volume of the past two trading days is important to a continued rally.
Two former Greek socialist ministers left Baghdad on Sunday after seeking the release of the hostages.
It also claimed the holders of a preferred stock issue it is attempting to have invalidated provided a 318,000-share block favoring Irving.
The army was reportedly poised for a crackdown.
Now he is a park ranger stationed there.
A company launched by Lepercq two years ago already operates 12 child-care centers in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, with three more set to open this fall, and plans for more elsewhere.
Sawyer was a South Side alderman for 16 years before becoming mayor.
The dollar's decline was attributed partly to speculation that West Germany and Japan might hike their interest rates, and to reports that Japan's central bank was continuing to sell dollars to knock the currency down.
After the Series, Joe Jackson wrote Comiskey offering to tell how the games had been played. Comiskey never answered him.
Costs rose 5% to $2.6 billion from $2.4 billion in the quarter.
Any wheel that is about to lock up and skid has its brake released until the tyre grips again.
The index "is rising very modestly," said Michael Penzer, senior economist at Bank of America in San Francisco.
American is hoping that this two-for-one promotion will attract business travelers in much the same way the European fare cuts it initiated last week are expected to fill leisure-class seats.
"The stuff they play now isn't music," contends Jackson Parker, who sits in the second row, where they apparently don't mince words.
Should foreign airlines be required to do the same thing?
In a joint statement, Rubin and Friedman said they "look forward to continuing on the course that we have set and followed together." Weinberg joined Goldman Sachs in 1950 and became a partner in 1956.
The smaller plane was flung nose-first into a blast fence, but the only two people aboard, the pilot and co-pilot, walked away and did not require medical attention, authorities said.
The four characters screw each other and themselves to perfection but the moral survives beneath the wit in the audience's total identification with the only decent character, an unemployed birdwatcher.
A general strike against school closures virtually shut down the occupied lands.
In addition, the banks said, the Bank of Delaware Corp. granted PNC Financial an option to purchase up to 1.6 million shares of Bank of Delaware stock at 0.7 times the market price of PNC Financial common stock at the close of business Wednesday.
He relinquished that party post in February.
Persian Gulf-based Arab diplomatic sources have estimated that at least 200 people were killed or wounded during the Iraqi invasion, but could not confirm the higher casualty figures.
The announcement is the latest in a series of international ventures Mr. Maxwell has been working on recently.
Radio Caritas news director Benjamin Fernandez said the order from ANTELCO's department of radio communications limits how far the station can broadcast.
During the weekend, Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady commented that the initial report on third-quarter economic growth, due out this morning would show the rebound is under way.
He also said he wanted to acquire sophisticated weaponry sufficient at least to equal Israel.
'Peace means change, but change should follow a proper defence review to define the country's new role in the international arena.
The rulings, if upheld, could lead to punitive duties on the imports, which were valued at more than $1.3 billion in 1988.
It does, however, reflect something of the changing nature of graduates that the accountancy firms are now seeking. The supply of graduates seeking accountancy jobs has probably never been higher.
Elf fits the description."
At GE's $5 billion-a-year plastics division here, officials say manufacture of recyclable plastic resins will be crucial to long-term success.
Thus the company currently has major projects under way to boost its production capacity both in Japan and in the U.S.
Two employees of the center were indicted earlier this year by a Rhode Island grand jury on charges of sexual abuse.
'I would not feel right about taking that money out, while the people were still walking,' said Mr Heiligbrodt. SCI's offer closes on August 20.
Mr Francois Leclercq, CTL managing director, said Germany might be added but it was proving difficult to obtain attractive rates for German destinations. Journey times should be about half those by road and much less than the time taken by rail and ferry.
"What's new is that they (the researchers) looked at the sites of shedding in women," said Dr. Stephen Straus, head of medical virology at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Md.
Mr. Mitterrand appointed a minority Socialist government that will have to negotiate support in parliament either with the centrists or the Communists.
It was never supposed to be a clone of `The Tonight Show.'"
"It was hard work, sheer determination, a little bit of luck," Lewis said. "We were able to weather all of those storms.
Exempted from the new government would be three of the county's four current incorporated cities: Folsom with 26,000 people, Galt with 7,500 and Isleton with 925.
In Shanghai, more than 1,000 students marched late Sunday from Fudan University to Tongji University, singing former odes to revolutionary leader Mao Tse-tung but substituting Hu's name.
Gejdenson and other lawmakers have long urged the NRC to impose strict drug and alcohol standards instead of leaving it up individual utilities.
He acknowledged that many Stasi members were innocent of wrongdoing, but added: "Purposely committed illegal wrongs cannot be allowed to be swept under the table." Horst Ehmke of the main opposition Social Democrats also blasted the suggested amnesty.
"Everything is revolving around the discount rate," said Ezra Zask, senior vice president and global foreign exchange manager at Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh.
Mr Hamilton said a number of respondents had argued this would be unjust and might lead a company to abandon a practice that was later found not to be against the public interest.
Investors often regard the dollar as a safe haven in times of international tension.
It will operate the service with 16 flights.
Al-Shiraa gained international fame in November 1986, when it was first to report on the secret U.S arms shipments to Iran in return for the release of hostages.
Born in Sekhukuneland in northern Transvaal on July 26 1924, the son of a migrant laborer, Motsoaledi worked in Johannesburg as a servant, and in boot and furniture factories.
Textron said the strength of its aerospace/technology and consumer products businesses, as well as the Ex-Cell-O acquisition, were responsibile for the improved results from continuing operations.
"That constitutes the largest operating budget in the history of the National Park Service and represents 29 percent post-inflation, real growth over the past seven years," Horn said.
Germans are uncertain which former Stasi leaders they should prosecute.
Stocks and the dollar were mixed and bonds eased.
He was hospitalized at St. Mary Desert Valley Hospital after complaining of stomach pain.
Song Ping, 72. Having studied agriculture at Beijing and Qinghua Universities, Song was among the better educated of the early revolutionaries.
Iran said today's ground assault retaliated for Iraqi chemical bomb attacks last week that killed 5,000 Iraqi Kurds whose hometowns were overrun by Iranian troops fighting with the autonomy-seeking Kurds.
In a letter to the company's board of directors, United Airline's pilots, flight attendants and Machinists said they were prepared to negotiate as a group for the acquisition of stock through one or more employee stock ownership plans, or ESOPs.
But even some of the leaders refuse to take things too seriously.
The 1- by 3-inch video camera is guided down clear plastic tubes inserted in the bean rows and used to record root growth from a few inches to more than 3 feet below the surface.
One hundred percent of its graduates go to college, a majority to Ivy League schools. The football team has a 91 grade average and scored an average of 1,300 on national Scholastic Aptitude Tests; the national average is 903.
Prime Minister Sadek Mahdi initially refused to submit the agreement to his Cabinet for endorsement.
But even by movieland's standards of maudlin self-massage, My Life is heavy-duty material. Keaton does his best with the terminal make-up and stoical wisecracks.
But the tens of thousands of students have succeeded in breaking through the accepted barriers on political discourse and have altered, perhaps permanently, the terms in which Chinese speak of their leaders.
They did not criticize the trial procedures, saying the judge and jury behaved scrupulously, and they did not say whether they supported outright acquittal or a retrial.
Six-year-old Dragonair doesn't disclose its load factors or its profit.
They hope to make the repair on the pad and avoid rolling the shuttle back to a hangar, a move that could delay the flight by as much as two months.
When the mutual fund industry assembles next week in Washington for its annual meeting, the mood won't be as glum as might seem likely.
Attempts to reach Gilbert at his home were unsucessful.
In the past, the hated secret police, popularly known as "Stasi," used repressive measures to help ensure 40 years of Communist control.
Police who scrambled to find a gunman after a flood of callers reported gunshots got their man _ but it turned out to be a car.
People are always saying, `How could this happen?'
"I have no knowledge of any investigation of me or my office," he said in a telephone interview.
The sentence followed a hearing before Bell in which Chambers' attorney, Jack Litman, complained that the probation report on his client was "slanted" and asked for an opportunity to answer charges made by the prosecution in the report.
The survey of 750 adults, conducted by telephone between April 23 and April 26, has a margin of potential sampling error of plus or minus 4 percent.
I am sure there is an explanation as to why taxes have to be raised in Germany to pay off the debt, but I know I won't understand it.
But in a market glutted with moribund companies, Mr Landau found it surprisingly difficult to find a suitable vehicle.
My hosts assured me I could jump on the mid-afternoon ferry to Hong Kong from the Shekou terminal at the western end of Shenzhen.
It then expects to decide by Christmas. The Railtrack privatisation is the last significant sell-off for the foreseeable future.
Grades 7-8: General math, pre-algebra and algebra (two of the three).
Striking workers at 10 San Francisco Bay area cemeteries said Sunday they would return to work Monday after accepting an agreement worked out with graveyard owners over the weekend.
"We've looked pretty hard at what resources are available," says Deputy Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger, "and we have one hell of a budgetary problem."
The original expiration date was Feb. 13.
All of that, however, leaves some Brazilians deeply worried that Marinho has far too much influence for Brazil's good.
So there is no need to be rushed by enthusiastic, commission-hunting intermediaries. But delay can mean that, if the employee does eventually invest in a life company pension contract, there is less time for the underlying fund to grow.
If diseases such as Aids and tuberculosis are to be controlled, other donors and institutions need to put greater emphasis on supporting cost-effective health services, it says. Investing in health.
"The history of successful economic reforms shows that as a rule all of them were carried out with the involvement of significant volumes of foreign assistance," Mr. Yavlinsky said in his report.
West Point-Pepperell said it plans to begin a tender offer for all of Stevens stock at $62.50 a share in cash, but would increase its offer to $64 a share if Stevens recommends the offer.
With martial law declared in some parts of the capital, Beijing Mayor Chen Xitong said foreign reporters were forbidden to conduct interviews or make tapes or videos on the streets or at government offices, schools, factories and mines.
But the foundation stopped short of recommending state takeovers of local districts.
Corporate interest income totaled $180.7 million in 1989, down 2 percent from 1988.
For the past year, analysts have complained that Pfizer isn't working for its holders: The company refuses to divest its non-drug lines, as others in the industry have done, and Pfizer generally eschews stock buy-backs.
HALL & TAWSE, the const ruction division of Raine Industries, has won hospital development contracts worth Pounds 7.3m. An orthopaedic centre and two operating theatres are being built at Woodend Hospital in Aberdeen by Hall & Tawse Scotland.
And this time, there was expected to be open division over whether to annul the party's legal monopoly on power.
"There's a feeling in the industry that growing generic competition and a recent trend in high-volume purchasing of drugs by insurers is going to eventually choke off the ability to raise prices," he says.
"We've always believed that we were one step away from annexation and we couldn't stand up to the Americans in a fair fight," he says.
In April, the Seto Ohashi, or Great Bridge, comprised of six suspension bridges reaching five small islands in the Seto Inland Sea, will open to both rail and vehicle traffic between Honshu's Okayama region and Shikoku Island in southern Japan.
Trading in vouchers is illegal. Risk extends to all manner of financial services.
The book has "sold more copies in one day than most of our books sell in a lifetime," Oeste said.
Cytemp, which has three plants and 1,200 employees, is one of five operations Cyclops has said it planned to sell.
This could lead to labor unrest in Chile," Mr. Demler said.
The excess cash is what Philip Morris will have left over after taking care of dividend payouts and what it believes are its needs for internal reinvestment.
The two paragraphs were there, there was just a lot of other stuff in between," she said.
He said Friday that he also has asked the planning agency's Mr. Kondo to go to the U.S. early this month to explain the package to members of the Reagan administration and Congress.
But the Rev. Sam Johnson, pastor of Heritage Village Church at PTL and president of Heritage Ministries, told The Charlotte Observer that he hasn't given up his hope to buy PTL's headquarters in Fort Mill, S.C.
By being so conservative under the leadership of John G. Medlin Jr., chairman and chief executive officer, Wachovia has managed to avoid the real-estate loan problems that plague most of the other Southeastern superregionals.
Mr Sean Henry, administrative director of Lastolite, a photographic equipment company based in Coalville, Leicestershire, said: 'In Germany it's quite common for a bank manager to be on the board.
Mr. Zwart is president of General Investment.
Critics said the homosexuality measure, known as Clause 28, was a setback for gay rights in Britain and a swing toward authoritanian rule by Mrs. Thatcher and her government.
Hyatt alone is building three such resorts in Hawaii, including one that will feature a swimming pool nearly an acre in size, with waterfalls and swim-up bars.
Big printers have made major capital investments in satellite and printing technologies, enabling them to expand far beyond Manhattan's Varick Street, the area which is to printers what Madison Avenue is to advertising firms.
The facilities are owned by the Daewoo group, one of the country's largest conglomerates.
This fundamental difference, almost too obvious to mention, gets lost when experts start examining the Soviet Union with a microscope to study perceived changes and prescribe Western responses.
Beyond that, it is too early to comment on anything."
"Has always reminded me of burnt toast," offered a third.
By nightfall Tuesday, firefighters had bulldozed lines around more than 35 percent of the 90-mile perimeter of the blaze.
Counterdemonstrators also claimed success, citing their large turnout.
The Gap has already consumed Dollars 9bn, much of it financed from the state budget.
For, if this magnificent exhibition at the Academy does nothing else, it demonstrates for ever the absurdity of the distinction that would make oil on canvas inherently superior to water-colour on paper, simply because it is oil on canvas.
A man from Illinois and a woman from Washington have reached the summit of Mount Everest, the world's tallest peak, the Tourism Ministry announced Tuesday.
Leningrad Communist Party chief Anatoly Gerasimov lost overwhelmingly to a shipbuilder who took 74 percent of the vote in the nation's second-largest city, Tass said.
The Post, Israel's only English-language daily, was purchased last year by the Canadian newspaper chain, Hollinger Inc.
The capital entitlement of the shares is more complicated.
Lance Wilson, Pierce's one-time executive assistant, told a House subcommittee Friday that he was asserting his Fifth Amendment rights because the conduct of panel members convinced him he would not receive a fair hearing.
The index rose at a 3.5 percent rate in the first quarter.
But on Sunday, apparently understanding that most Soviets don't believe the hard-line version, television ran a softer film that purported to show both sides of the story.
Target's operating profit was down because of increased discounting and additional expenses for a new distribution facility in Tifton, Ga., and new customer service programs, the company said.
They were afraid that vandals had untied the lines and the boat was heading out to sea.
"A lot of people will be coming up with a variety of ideas" for altering the tax bill if the economy goes bad, says Sen. John Danforth (R., Mo.).
Osuna's sister-in-law, Margarita Ramos Saucedo, 20, was among the first to fall to the ground.
The tender offer was launched through New World's Marvel Entertainment Group Inc. subsidiary, which was included in the injunction issued Friday.
Systemwide, the Miami-based carrier also has added new restrictions to its cheapest ticket requiring seven-day advance purchases.
But whether the technique catches on may depend on how many radiologists embrace it, as they must perform the task of inserting a catheter through the skin and into the patient's gallbladder.
Red cells can't be right now." Despite screening, a tiny risk remains of getting AIDS from a transfusion.
Last July Northrop removed the manager and three employees from a Pomona, Calif., electronics plant, citing "irregularities in the testing" of equipment.
At first reluctant to see their lives on the screen, the family was _ and still is _ pleased with the film.
Formerly of "Entertainment Tonight," Whatley is film critic for WCVB-TV, the ABC affiliate in Boston.
International Controls jumped 5 1/4 to 39 3/4 on 272,400 shares.
The couple love reminiscing about the festival with visitors, but they know enough not to bring up the name "Woodstock" to longtime Bethel residents.
Russia's economy looks in better shape than it has since independence.
What he had called them about, it quickly transpired, was a great chance to make some easy bucks in Allis-Chalmers stock.
In the early '70s, he worked occasionally with organist Merl Saunders and Grateful Dead guitarist Jerry Garcia.
The national group's newsletter carries a column entitled "Saints of the Closet?" which profiles the lives of saints thought to have been homosexual.
But the campaign collapsed when Tehran abandoned the Kurds in exchange for Iraqi territorial concessions.
Prosecutors said Terry wanted to start a new life and leave insurance proceeds to his family.
'I just want to say: can we all get along?
Lord Fawsley said a change in the commission's powers should be made and 'buildings should be listed if it so recommends'. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, however, has rejected his call.
Sosa said he has decided to close the embassy on Aug. 31 because Sept. 1 is the date on which Delvalle's term was scheduled to expire.
The revised preamble was adopted by the country's National Assembly last Thursday on the closing day of its winter session.
The shares fell 12 to 657p. Royal Insurance moved 4 ahead to 319p, following a recommendation from NatWest Securities.
Paisley, assistant secretary of the Navy for research, engineering and systems from 1981 to April 1987, is now a Washington consultant to numerous defense contractors, including McDonnell Douglas Corp. and United Technologies Corp.
Caldwell told authorities he saw a young man jump into his car and drive away.
In his short term as Moscow party chief, Yeltsin was a close supporter of Gorbachev, especially of his calls for greater openness.
Victims of gastrointestinal anthrax, in which the disease infects the stomach and intestines, died within a two days of toxic shock, Nikiforov said.
Hughes Aircraft Co., a unit of General Motors Corp., got a $29.4 million Army contract for the position-location reporting system.
But her Latin lothario has seriously misled her all these years, both about his love for her and about the true circumstances of that terrible drowning. Mickey hides in the trunk from police, which Augusta promptly dumps overboard.
His practice focused on antitrust litigation.
The Peruvian government has said that since the group turned from propaganda to violence in May 1980, it has killed more than 15,000 people and caused more than $10 billion in damage.
When you use a wrench or pliers on a kitchen fixture, put adhesive tape or something similar on the nut to keep it from getting chewed up.
Clearly, the Honda Accord will be a rival if company fleet managers can be convinced a Honda really is British.
IN the past, there have been complaints that the visual arts at the Edinburgh Festival have not sufficiently reflected the state of Scottish art past or present.
The trucking industry is clearly vulnerable as well," Mr. Burnley said Friday at a news conference here.
The company's announcement implied that it would be asking that the investor group making the offer comply with SEC filing requirements before pursuing the merger offer.
But it fell into the minus column after profit-taking developed in shares of securities houses, drug makers, real-estate concerns and other companies.
Sales of cars and light trucks built in North America fell 15.4% early this month from a year earlier.
Congressional tax writers estimated that the change will raise $60 million in additional taxes in the next five years.
Principal Vincent C. Haydock was suspended for three months.
In the process, 84 quarter-of-a-century-old pin oak trees were removed.
European Community foreign ministers endorsed proposals for the EC's stance in international talks on agriculture, including some cuts in farm subsidies.
"Of all the names, 'the Redskins' is probably the most racist," he says.
She said the body of the child, identified as Michael Mills, was recovered from a depth of about 200 feet.
The opposition made a strong comeback in legislative elections in April, stripping the governing party of its parliamentary majority for the first time in South Korea's 40-year history.
Munteanu was hospitalized and then detained.
Attorney David Kairys said many of the legal flaws found by U.S. District Judge Charles R. Richey in agent Donald Rochon's complaint can be corrected and the case will go forward.
The Soviet Union was said to have dropped its objections to a Pakistani proposal to let U.N. mediator Diego Cordovez play a role in getting the process under way of forming a transitional Afghan government.
The English players face expulsion from international cricket for five years for taking part in the tour.
From 1971 to 1978, he served as general manager of the Columbia project.
Energy futures moved higher in quiet trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
But 70 foreign stock managers monitored by Intersec Research, Stamford, Conn., racked up median returns of only 11.3%.
On the other side, Arturo Hernandez Grisanti, the oil minister of Venezuela, who had aggressively sought production cuts, called the agreement a reasonable outcome.
Although the ticks that carry the ailment live on deer in their adult stages, Lyme disease is transmitted by bites from immature ticks, which feed primarily on mice.
Japan joined it in 1980, but reserved the right to continue importing products made out of hawkbill and olive ridley catches.
The respite was short-lived, though, as sales plummeted to 560 in September, 787 in October and 483 in November.
Our uniform position was that we will not go up on the (income tax) rates, no matter what," said Packwood, the senior Republican on the Senate Finance Committee.
Japan's truck market is the second biggest in the world, after the U.S. market.
But the same might not be true if Israel launched a pre-emptive strike against Iraq, the U.S. officials say.
Also this week, the House gave final congressional approval to legislation creating a congressional panel to investigate the eight-month-old strike against Eastern, a measure the Bush administration has threatened to veto.
The Twitchells are the second Christian Science parents to be prosecuted in Massachusetts and the first since 1971, when the state amended the child abuse and neglect law to recognize spiritual healing as an alternative to modern medicine.
Reynolds & Reynolds said the sale of the two units should increase pretax income by about $3.5 million in fiscal 1992.
More than 90 have been ordered already. Computerised controls seem here to stay and the powers in the world of aviation are stacked up behind them.
Base rates stand at 11%.
In the meantime, the White House is steaming over House GOP Whip Newt Gingrich's call for tax cuts rather than tax increases.
What they need to lift their spirits is a convincing turnaround in this weekend's crop of opinion polls. It is a slim chance, but it could happen.
They're afraid that the FDA's bureaucrats, many of whom are fighting the proposal, will drag their feet in giving formal approval for drugs being distributed to patients under the new rules.
You remembered not just in order to remember, but in order to write.
The increase in operating income reflects gains in linage and circulation at the company's business and community publications, plus continued strong revenue growth from the information services segment.
They fight the nomination of an envoy to leftist Mozambique and push for covert aid for the rebels fighting its government.
Withdrawals by woolgrowers are still very high, reaching as much as 55pc af the Fremantle sale on Tuesday, though 20pc is more typical.
The capital-gains measure, authored by Rep. Ed Jenkins (D., Ga.), is opposed by the Democratic leadership in Congress.
Heat in a car can rise to 160 degrees in a very short time.
Industry and government sources, asking not to be identified by name, said Tuesday that the plane landed with three of its fuel tanks empty and not feeding three of the huge jet's engines, causing them to stop operating.
Evans said shareholders "weren't treated fairly" initially in the deal, but added: "We still deny that there were any violations.
For weekends and evenings, the "'60s-inspired shapes complete with high crowns, flips and ponytails.
You can be forgiven for thinking that he disappeared many years earlier.
The Department of Energy is investigating a report that a structural engineer was fired after concluding that an earthquake could cause the walls to collapse at the department's Y-12 nuclear weapons plant, a DOE official confirmed Saturday.
Kalikow, a real-estate development millionaire, said he would invest $25 million in the new Sunday edition next year and increase the paper's staff by about 60 people, including 30 reporters and editors.
Some computer experts are stunned at what the arbitrators' ruling grants Fujitsu.
"He was supposed to be the model of socialist morality but nonethless he violated the law of that country," Aguililla added.
One of the issues that split the Social Democratic Party was whether or not to cooperate with the Socialist Party, which replaced the Communist Party when it was disbanded last month.
They were flying to England in 1942 when they were forced down by bad weather.
Fitting the consultant to the problem is clearly as relevant as the employee to the job. Adrian Furnham is a Reader in Psychology at University College London and head of its Business Psychology Unit.
MGM-UA Communications rose 3/8 to 20 3/8 on news of the possible revival of its agreement to be acquired for $25 a share by Qintex Australia.
Even the big growth companies couldn't stand up to the painful combination of a severe recession and surging inflation.
No injuries were reported and some raiders appeared in a nearly festive mood.
But his closest adviser has left no doubt that it is neither the party nor new government bodies that make the final decisions: it is Gorbachev himself.
Demand for Italian and Scandinavian bank deals is still flagging, due to the increasing credit concerns about both banking industries, and Japanese bank paper is under pressure.
Gorgisyan, interviewed by telephone, estimated there were more than 1 million demonstrators in Yerevan.
Some delegates to the Geneva Conference predicted that 20 years of talks would culminate this year in an international agreement banning the development, production and stockpiling of chemical weapons.
Do these businesses really want to lose money?
He then opened fire, killing three farmers, Patangan said.
This is a difficult question to answer or even to discuss in this limited space.
Ms. Brown testified that after the shooting, McMaugh "began rehearsing the incident" with his wife and forced her to agree with "his version of the events." what was his version.
What Moody's officials were told is that Mrs. Whitmire will resolve an unexpected budget deficit with a recently approved 18.9 percent tax increase.
Price Dollars 25 for members, Dollars 100 for non-members.
Random House Chairman Robert Bernstein said he is resigning from the publishing house he has run for 23 years.
About one-third of Poland was part of Germany before the war.
Rep. Swift complains of "paranoia."
But beneath that mood of celebration, the country faces a future of political uncertainty, exhaustion from the conflict with its ancient Arab enemy, deep economic malaise and debate about which path the revolution must now take.
Construction of the Shoreham plant, located 60 miles east of Manhattan, began in 1973 and was completed a decade later at a cost of more than $4 billion.
Gephardt referred to conservatives in the administration who argue that government should refrain from investing in non-defense research from which private industry would profit.
The Soviet-led assault crushed a reform movement in Czechoslovakia.
For the first time since World War II, Albania is playing host to a meeting of senior diplomats from the six Balkan countries.
"He's a solid man," she said. "He stands for a lot of good things.
But Mr. Metzlaff contends that the disclosure didn't properly inform prospective shareholders of the true condition of Puma's flagging U.S. operations.
But now the bold, young Mr. Salinas has come along.
The liftoff opportunity, dictated by Magellan's path to Venus and lighting conditions at emergency landing sites, lasts only 23 minutes, one of the shortest launch windows in shuttle history.
Even here, to judge by the girlie magazines freely on sale in Shanghai, the campaign is languishing.
Humpuss will hold a 10% stake, and Pertamina will hold 20%.
Lugar, R-Ind., a former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, headed the U.S. delegation that observed the 1988 provincial and municipal elections in the war-torn Central American state.
The white paper failed to guarantee a larger market for coal by elbowing aside other forms of energy.
Yet the IFC has been able to put together sound investments in both continents and in the past two years we have made more than 100 investments in projects costing about $5 billion.
In London, the British pound rose to $1.7695 from $1.7600 late Wednesday.
Many Palestinians in Jordan and elsewhere have supported Iraq in its occupation of Kuwait.
It is not how to help Cambodia but how to punish Vietnam," said Khieu Kanharith, former editor of a weekly state-owned newspaper.
A mother raccoon and her two babies who fell through a library ceiling were back in their attic nest Wednesday after spending a day browsing through the reference section.
Chase's loss for the year stemmed from its $1.6 billion increase to loan-loss reserves in the second quarter.
If the projected 1990 deficit on Oct. 16 is higher than $110 billion, a sequester under Gramm-Rudman-Hollings would automatically reduce next year's spending levels to the extent necessary to reduce the estimated deficit to $100 billion.
Growth in Latin America is projected at only 10 percent because output is expected to fall in Brazil.
He said the Bloomfield factory each week makes about 30,000 of the small flags that have lately become common fare at patriotic celebrations.
White Swan Ltd. of Beaverton, Ore., for example, says it plans a joint venture with Japan's Yamano & Associates to market its flower-seed mixtures for specialized gardens.
And not only money.
Helms said Blandon's credibility "appeared to be high."
Some analysts are speculating that recent heavy rains damaged the soft red variety grown in Illinois and Indiana.
Speakers scheduled for the memorial dedication included former U.S. Sen. George McGovern; Florence Schroeder, whose son was slain; and Dean Kahler, an Athens County commissioner who was wounded in the protest.
A group of affiliated companies led by Clyde W. Engle, a Chicago businessman, said it holds 7% of Kewaunee Scientific Corp.'s common as an investment.
And Big Three executives say they've run out of technology to make steep gains.
Palau, with an estimated 15,000 residents living on eight of its 200 islands, is the world's last trusteeship, established in 1947 by the United Nations.
It will be nice for Beatrice to have someone to play with," said the former Sarah Ferguson, who is due in March and whose first baby was born 13 months ago.
The PC1264 was commissioned to demonstrate whether blacks could be capable seamen.
That's $66 more per capita than the runner-up, the District of Columbia.
"A year or so ago, people thought shorts were what you put on in the morning," he says.
Excluding the one-time items, per-share earnings rose 11%.
Firefighters managed to keep the flames from spreading to the adjacent St. Louis Cathedral, which remained undamaged except for some melted copper on the outside.
Page and Van Dusen would not disclose terms of the transaction, expected to take place within 90 days, but industry experts estimate the sale price at $65 million.
In January, an index of 110 high-yield bonds tracked by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. had an average spread of 4.96 percentage points above the rate of the Treasury 7% notes of 1994, which have the closest comparable maturity to that of the index.
She acknowledged, however, that it violated that ban.
But union officials have said the move violates local and national contracts and they are angry they were not notified about the action before it appeared in the media.
"Everyone who is in Wisconsin doing defense work gets tender loving care from this congressman," he said.
The resolution calls for at least a 6-inch accumulation of snow on Christmas Day, followed by a regular snowfall each day thereafter, with a total of 60 inches or more by the end of the winter.
About half the work involves culling information from American Airlines' tickets; the rest is from other companies such as insurance concern Equicorp, which uses the company to type in health claims information.
The Budget continued to allow indexation of gains. Yesterday's concession will apply to individuals and trustees but not to companies.
He maintained ties with West Germany, refused to break relations with Israel after the Six-Day War, refused to boycott the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles, and declined to back Soviet interventions in Czechoslovakia and Afghanistan.
Another bear on gold is August Arace, co-manager of the Freedom Gold & Government Trust, an open-end mutual fund.
To persuade the old-line Takashimaya Co. department-store chain to help him launch his own department stores, he took an unwelcomed 10% stake in the company.
Even she sees a certain irony in the coming duel: "It is kind of like competing with yourself," Ms. Burns observes.
At one recent weekly meeting, Tohru Hirose, a marketing-strategies manager, apologized in front of the room.
It expected real growth of 3 per cent or slightly higher, and a further edging down of the unemployment rate. Inflation would be about 3 per cent, or slighly higher than last year.
The Treasury secretary, whose friend George Bush hopes to ride to the White House this fall on a wave of continued economic expansion, has been vigorously countering these calls for contractionary policies, which imply higher interest rates.
Many Democratic lawmakers fear that Rep. Wright's actions are politically foolish, and GOP sources said the speaker's rhetoric is causing a stiffening in the White House attitude toward taxes.
"He's always convinced that he's right, although he has so often been proved wrong," says Lawrence Pih, one of Sao Paulo's leading businessmen.
Ne Win led the March 1962 coup that toppled Nu, who uses only one name.
In addition, Gerald Wyman, vice president, mining, was named interim chief operating officer.
And in Los Angeles, the downtown INS center ran out of required fingerprint forms for 3 1/2 hours.
According to several well-placed sources, some very important investors indeed.
Most investment trusts trade at a discount. The offer period runs until March 5 and dealings will start on March 11. Maximum Pep investment is Pounds 1,500, as the trust does not qualify for the full annual Pounds 6,000 allowance.
The buyout is being organized by Adler & Shaykin, a New York investment firm that proposes to acquire as much as 94.3% of the oil-field and mining equipment maker's 17.7 million shares outstanding through a new company, Joy Acquisition Corp.
But some of that tobacco-tax money would also be used in the land acquisition program.
Most of the troops were driving motorcycles but two were in cars and one was walking, the spokesman said.
Although the Nationalist Chinese government of Taiwan is the sworn enemy of the Communists in Beijing, relations have warmed in recent months with increased business and civilian ties.
About 1,500 sea birds died but storms dispersed the oil.
"The market was extremely quiet," said Alfred G. Roth, a managing director at Chemical Bank's capital markets group.
Some voluntary severance and early-retirement programs backfire.
The bartender replies that the cost is one ruble.
He started with designer jeans, but the label dubbed Emporio soon was manufacturing Armani's trade mark blazer, suits, coats and even evening wear.
In one hotel, almost the entire audience was made up of puzzled Kuwaiti exiles in long white robes.
We are workaholics." Still, he added: "I would like to go to the French Quarter.
It makes adhesives, resins, speciality chemicals and starches. BTR Nylex reported a net profit of ADollars 182.5m for the six months to June 30, compared with Dollars 151m in the corresponding period of the previous year.
In particular, the thrift industry and its associated construction contractors reached into every congressional district.
The exhibit will travel among the five from November 1989 through November 1990.
So even if forces are significantly reduced on both sides, a noble goal indeed, we will remain in Europe as long as our friends want and need us.
And then doesn't get the gun.
The center, attached to the hospital's adolescent unit, began receiving patients in October.
Operating income was therefore 25 per cent higher at R226.2m compared with R180.4m.
The woman's remarkable recovery since being discovered near death in a wooded area in the park has been chronicled closely in the media and cheered by New Yorkers.
Egyptian officials said the Egyptian tour guide was hurt but the driver was not.
Konrad Adenauer was only a year younger when he became West German chancellor in 1949, and Ronald Reagan was four years older when he left office in 1989.
Mr. Wade values them at 3.4 billion Australian dollars, 24% of the company's market value.
Stock and bond markets were battered Friday after major commercial banks and the Federal Reserve boosted key lending rates as the central bank toughened its fight against inflation.
Sun said it ended the fiscal year with $834 million in cash.
An earlier $1 billion proposal was shelved after Republicans protested and Mr. Bush declined to embrace it.
The 33-year-old Ms. Shurtleff was fired in July 1985 for insubordination after refusing to work with another member of the test crew.
The result is a document that is exhilarating and troubling.
If the buy-out goes ahead Newco - the new company formed by a deal - pays all the professional fees.
Claimants will be paid from a fund based on a yet-to-be determined percentage of the value of Iraq's exports of petroleum products.
The total cost amounts to about $84 million per plane.
Meanwhile, junk bonds of Seaman Furniture Co. rose yesterday on news that the company has reached an agreement in principle with all its senior lenders on restructuring its outstanding debt.
By lunchtime, Mr. Kitajima, abandoning all hope of a strong rally, shows off a baseball cap labeled "Hot Trader."
Manager Sid Seidenberg said King, 64, was admitted Friday to Valley Hospital, where doctors were concerned about King's blood sugar level and suggested the hospitalization for further tests.
Aircraft normally are sold in dollars.
While Orion has produced several hits and critically acclaimed films such as "Amadeus" and movies by Woody Allen, it has been financially troubled.
Lenders, in fact, may be so eager to oblige him that they will offer him a break on the interest rate.
People want a product that's iced down, chilled and ready, and all that goes with it." Last year a poll of 500 trade shows and conventions picked MGR as the best convention catering firm in the country.
Michel Aoun's Christian forces and an alliance of Syria and Moslems militias.
These are hardly salad days for Montgomery County law officials.
Time Inc. promoted several young executives in its magazine group as part of its efforts to improve marketing and advertising for the company's 23 wholly or partly owned publications.
Mr. Busti said he left Columbia because he was dissatisfied "with the scope of the operation" and that the Reliance offer reppresented "a better opportunity."
Frank Torres was the balding, nondescript operator of a Miami import-export business when opportunity knocked.
He relished his wife, delighted in her pregnancies, and viewed his growing brood with immense satisfaction.
In Spain, U.S. officials reported a 60 percent to 70 percent rise in the number of visa applications, and in the Netherlands they said it was up 38 percent in the last five months.
Midway's stock jumped $2.125 a share to close at $9.625 a share in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
Though not all the links are yet filled in, the system meets the current needs. Unusually, Mr McCammon enters all the data himself - partly to ensure its correctness, but he does it mainly to keep him in touch with all that is happening in the company.
The dismissals total about 40 professionals, not including support staff, Wall Street executives said.
I didn't do much television.
Single investors were banned from owning more than 3 per cent in either. However, the curbs proved futile because Mediobanca rarely takes direct shareholdings in companies bigger than 2 or 3 per cent.
But their migration from country to city constitutes a great personal improvement in life style and a high measure of contentment.
"I remember his first concert," said Khalid Asghar, a senior music producer at Pakistan Broadcasting Corp. "He was a little round-faced chap.
What was intended to be a simple gesture of international friendship has turned into a source of embarrassment for Missouri highway and economic development officials.
Five other Southeastern Conference schools put at least one football game on pay-per-view last season.
U.S. policy in El Salvador has been aimed at shoring up a centrist government represented by the Christian Democrats and President Jose Napoleon Duarte, who is dying of liver cancer and leaves office June 1.
Sunday's typewritten Arabic statement was not accompanied by a picture of Higgins, the usual sign of authenticity.
Microsoft has forged ahead with its own standards, but these may soon merge with the official standards being developed by the International Standards Organisation and the Consultative Committee on International Telephony and Telegraphy.
The corporate counsel involved in some of these cases say they saved significant money by staying out of court, although none could give precise figures.
The strongest political group opposing Burma's military rulers split Saturday and expelled its chairman, who has formed a new party.
"Oil companies can cancel, but we have to wait for commitments to expire."
The plane took off at 10:17 a.m. for Dubai _ seven minutes after the initial contact with the tower.
The pro-democracy tide now sweeping over one of the East bloc's last strongholds of hard-line communism also spread to provincial cities, which saw their first big street demonstrations in decades.
Many suppliers apparently like the GM system.
Justice Department bank-fraud investigators are expected to announce several plea-bargaining arrangements or indictments this week in their probe of Texas savings-and-loan institutions.
An additional $1 million was funneled to FDN accounts through a Cayman Islands corporation Mr. Calero said was controlled by conservative publicist Richard Miller, a close ally of fund-raiser Carl "Spitz" Channell.
A week ago, a federal appeals court in Chicago ruled the SEC overstepped itself in authorizing three exchanges, in New York, Philadelphia and Chicago, to trade stock baskets.
The intrepid Maxwell finally succeeded on the third try, getting the venerable publishing and information services giant for $2.5 billion in early November.
This follows a temporary slowing to 2.6 per cent in the first quarter, reflecting bad weather and other distortions. Many analysts now regard an early increase in short-term interest rates as all but inevitable.
Lucky's partially completed restructuring plan calls for the company to shed all operations other than its core food business, and to repurchase as much as 27% of its 52.7 million common shares at $40 each.
The groups inviting me to talk about the press and the scandal have Central America as their focus, and the background of the Iran-contra scandal is familiar to them.
The Chileans on the plane were Oscar Badilla, a government agricultural official; Sergio Lazcano, an excecutive of the Chilean Fruit Exporters Association, and the pilot, Police Lt.
The White House had left setting a precise summit date to the Soviets.
Yet both served humanity with an identically relentless love.
In the thousand towns between and even beyond, they'll vote.
Investigators have said Thomas Savage reported he was living in Chicago and running for the Illinois Legislature at the same time he was on Fauntroy's payroll.
After the coffin was lowered into the grave, aides shoveled about 3 feet of dirt into the hole.
And Leon Lafleur, who heads a community clinic in the Montreal inner-city neighborhood of Plateau Mont Royal, says he is worried that some of his poorest clients may be tempted to have a child simply to collect the 3,000-dollar bonus.
After college, Davis joined General Foods and worked on the Country Time lemonade brand.
For Massport executive director David Davis, all the fuss obscures a simple issue: Logan, which is expected to handle 37 million passengers annually by the year 2000, up from 23 million last year, will become hopelessly gridlocked without changes.
Commercials featuring the dancing, singing California raisins have helped boost consumption by 13 percent and Leger wants to do the same for watermelons.
That is disputed by Maura Payne, spokeswoman for R.J. Reynolds Tobacco USA.
Overnight rain was locally heavy from eastern Kansas through southern and central Illinois.
For the many Beijing residents who scorn the government but are uneasy about social unrest, it's a matter of enduring the propaganda and the police.
For all his technical brilliance and skill as a writer, Corea remains at the opposite end of the intensity scale to these two.
Platinum futures prices rose; coffee futures gained; grains and soybeans were higher; cattle futures advanced while pork futures were mixed; energy futures were mixed; and stock-index futures retreated.
Craig Siegel's semiabstract imagery, though not particularly original, has real punch.
No visible evidence of tampering could be found in the cup, lid or safety seal, officials said.
He said criminal charges against Torres Gonzalez have not been filed and that an ivestigation is continuing.
For instance, its different product groups now get to set their own prices and control their manufacturing operations, taking over that responsibility from various marketing groups.
But he apologised for behaviour which he said 'was not just inappropriate or boorish, but just plain wrong'. Mr Packwood conceded that 'the bonds of trust' linking him and the people of Oregon had been badly strained.
"But this is the first one that we've done under the general context of helping the bank" in general, Ms. Kling said.
Among the 62 certain millionaires, the average age is 64.6 years.
Her rhythm was perfect.
He also said Saddam would be "foolish" to invade Saudi Arabia.
The illusion is that commissions are pretty much fixed. Indeed, anti-rebating laws in 48 states prohibit agents from returning part or all of their commissions to insurance buyers.
Alan Young and Glynnis Johns play retired neighbors whose incredible happiness drives Dooley to distraction.
On Wednesday, former Prime Minister Edward Heath brought home 32 holders of British passports from Iraq.
A tanker truck that was aboard had been hired to shuttle fuel to holding tanks at a crude-oil processing facility operated by Marathon Oil Co. The crew had pumped 1,000 gallons of gasoline into the truck before the explosion, Marrs said.
RJR Nabisco Inc., Atlanta, said it agreed to sell its Dromedary food operations to Burns, Philp & Co. of Australia for a sum that wasn't disclosed.
Today's giant publicly held corporations actively discourage the kind of autocratic boss Henry Ford became.
An exit poll conducted by the BBC in Bucharest suggested the 14-party Democratic Convention opposition bloc would get up to 40 per cent of the vote, the NSF 30 per cent and the ultra-right nationalist RMP 10 per cent.
But although the company achieved earnings growth in 1990, its outlook for 1991 is guarded.
Yet, private economists looking below the surface and into the fhing might be awry.
This time the New York investor said he wants to meet next Tuesday to discuss the "enhancement of shareholder values," and said he is being advised by PaineWebber Inc.
Forced to learn the victor's language, terrorists chant 'amo amas amat', as they exchange mocking homosexual caresses.
Inventory rebuilding, capital spending, and stable consumer demand will continue to keep the economy growing, says Michael Sherman, chief investment strategist at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
Take-up of the basic rate service has been slow and, until recently, there were very few ISDN products on the market.
She had lived in Oberlin since 1962.
Most are highly profitable: according to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), total profits for foreign banks in the country remained buoyant last year after a 36 per cent rise in 1990 and 41 per cent growth, to SDollars 1.84 bn, in 1991.
Volume on the Big Board came to 55.03 million shares as of 11 a.m. on Wall Street.
A thief who swiped a Cadillac apparently had a change of heart after discovering a 7-day-old baby in the back seat.
Jury nullification means a jury can also ignore a judge's instructions in order to convict an unpopular defendant for his views, not for what he did.
Dukakis worked on his speech Wednesday after meeting briefly with Jackson, his former rival, to discuss the fall campaign. Dukakis sat in an easy chair in the bedroom of his hotel suite revising a draft of his speech with a pen.
But a funny thing has happened in the past six years.
They fear the new township will be incorporated into the homeland, thus depriving residents of South African citizenship.
Last week Cubazucar, the state sugar agency announced that the 1992-93 crop would reach only about 4.2m tonnes, down from 7m tonnes in the previous year.
"The month of September will really be a telling story of whether general merchandise sales will maintain modest growth, in line with the economy," said Jeffrey Edelman, a retail analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
Dukakis also won more committed support in New Jersey, where the CBS-Times poll found that 54 percent of his voters backed him strongly, more than in most earlier races.
He has recommended that Amoco's regional office in Denver use her as outside counsel, "solely on the basis of her letter."
But Mr. McMillin predicted Campbell will face stiff competition from Kellogg, "the star of the waffle business."
Mr Stevens should encourage Richard Rogers to be more imaginative and to keep the listed building at the heart of his scheme. There are plenty of boring glass towers around.
The Belarussian government has confirmed its sudden conversion to market reforms with a decision to lift subsidies on bread and milk.
"They would welcome additional capital."
She was accompanied by an entourage of about 10 people.
While Exxon said it will sell its new gasoline in both premium and midgrade unleaded, it shunned the "cleaner" formulation for the most popular and least costly grade, regular unleaded.
Stock investors were encouraged by a stronger-than-expected report on business conditions from the nation's purchasing managers.
Still, analysts said the lack of significant Western participation stemmed from unhappiness with the terms of the loan, not directly from worries about Hong Kong's future.
They are often known for maverick investment strategies and high fees.
Equities saw strong gains as final results came in from the country's general election.
The mark was changing hands at 77.25 yen late yesterday, up from 76.86 yen late Friday in New York.
"Progressive" income taxation was being carried to great lengths.
The six-month period provides a better picture of the companies' sales than the 10-day periods.
As Brian Reading, of Lombard Street Research, remarked, we have the very opposite of too much money chasing too few goods. This does not mean the inflation threat has gone for ever.
I, for one, find the performance of the Soviet historians highly disillusioning."
But the tone of his remarks suggested there would not be an immediate change in monetary policy, traders said.
At least 380 people were killed in monthlong nationwide riots after the Ayodhya campaign began on Oct. 30.
A Coast Guard officer who spoke on condition of anonymity said Friday that state officials were naive or uninformed if they believed a spill as large as the one in Prince William Sound could be cleaned up quickly.
"To me, there's a little irony that a favorite prehistoric campsite has become one of our biggest campgrounds today," said Michael Beckes, regional archaeologist for the U.S. Forest Service's eastern district.
Life's great." Here are the winning weekly state lottery numbers picked Wednesday: Wednesday Megabucks: 06; 14; 19; 26; 33; 34.
Her name was Miriana but they called her Esther, after Esther Williams, whose American swimsuit epics were not censored by the Yugoslav film commissars but probably should have been, judging from the subversive effect they had on our four young friends.
Economist Raymond Worseck says the firm has stepped up its commitment to stocks.
GM also is slowing production of Corsicas and Berettas at its Wilmington, Del., plant this week because of "supplier material problems," a spokesman said.
Miami federal judge grounds Air Panama, freezing its assets while he decides which Panamanian officials should control the airline.
NRC regulations require that utilities submit emergency plans covering a 10-mile plant radius.
A further quarter or half point increase is then probable in ensuing weeks, taking short rates to about 4.5 per cent by mid-year. What happens thereafter will depend on the pace of economic growth and inflation trends.
Tamburini said the younger Patriarca has been deeply involved in his father's business since at least 1980, when the crime boss ran into serious legal and health problems.
East German party leaders have occasionally blocked the distribution of newspapers from Warsaw Pact neighbors in the past _ during the 1968 Prague Spring in Czechoslovakia and the early periods of labor unrest in Poland.
As a result, the huge "overhang" of petroleum inventories is worsening.
Long ago, he signaled his intention to retire.
At a U.S.-Soviet forum on human rights, local people saved some of their sharpest barbs for their own government.
From a recent report by the organization Accuracy in Media: ABC and NBC have announced large cuts in the staffs of their broadcast standards and practices divisions in recent weeks.
More than 60 Palestinians have been killed as alleged collaborators, including two in the past week.
According to The Lancet, the UK medical journal, Israel produces proportionately more medical research publications than the US or UK.
Today Railtrack hopes that 40 per cent will be operating. What are signalling workers paid? Signal workers' basic rates are between Pounds 146 and Pounds 235.75 per week.
That was bearish for bonds because a stronger economy reduces the likelihood that the Federal Reserve will reduce interest rates.
Seven lifeboats, some from other ferries, were used to bring the passengers ashore.
The chances are, though, that such pressures will remain muted for the time being. Recovery initially brings productivity gains as idle capacity is brought back on stream.
West German politicians reacted critically to the compromise. Economics Minister Helmut Haussman termed it a "false signal" ahead of German unification.
Twenty-three bodies were found in a dozen construction workers' sheds destroyed by the fire, the report said.
Anyone breaking into the car and starting the engine finds the steering wheel turning without steering the wheels. The device, produced by Malvy Technology, can be fitted during assembly or later at a cost of Ffr4,800 (Pounds 560).
The parties have not publicly made the statements suggested by Saw Maung.
Bells tolled and mournful chants filled the streets today as Armenia marked the one-year anniversary of the earthquake that killed at least 25,000 people.
Much of the loss from a large wind storm is accounted for by many, relatively small claims from householders.
The army said Abdulhak apparently was trying to hang the flag, which is outlawed by Israel.
"I really wanted to be close to that kid and work with him.
President Bush said Thursday he will nominate Donald R. Quartel Jr., a consultant who has worked in Bush's political campaigns, to be a Federal Maritime commissioner.
Even as this wind of reform seems to be blowing across the Hill, business as usual can be found in some shielded corners.
The Agriculture Department of Mexico said Tuesday that heavy rains brought on by Chantal helped put out fires in the Yucatan Peninsula that have ravaged up to 370,000 acres of jungle during the past two months.
The earnestness for etiquette pervades every scene.
The rally followed a surge of buying on Wednesday and may reflect the market's uneasiness about the government's plan to ship $10 million worth of U.S. pork bellies to Poland as part of a food-aid package.
Already, the heat has become so intense that a number of firms are seeking less-hostile environs.
Wojciech Szymborski, a party propaganda department employee manning the coalition's Warsaw campaign center, says that is because the party wanted to let the people decide.
Efforts to find students posing as suburban residents include staking out train stations and following students home.
They are no more than a rather inadequate safety net.' Applications by students rose by 15 per cent between 1990-91 and 1991-92, but available funds rose by only 4 per cent.
In keeping with the tenets of my profession I intend to be neutral, but it seems clear that factors of sentiment, which never are to be underestimated in matters of rooting, favor the A's.
When he became chairman in January, Mr. Donaldson immediately made the listing of blue-chip foreign stocks his top priority.
The other bidders are a team led by American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and another headed by Martin Marietta Corp. with MCI Communications Corp.
Reduced to thievery, pushing drugs and finally an addict, he is befriended by an Indian Christian, also cut off from his father.
"They don't give away anything for free."
In an age of meticulous market researchers and spreadsheet planners, Mr. Maxwell, 64, comes across like a wild man.
"The key here is early treatment," Ms. Ho said in a telephone interview Thursday.
If the cyanide reacts, Fox said workers will have about 60 to 90 seconds to get away.
Do Switzerland's neighbours need to worry about the country retaining its ability and will to maintain security at this crossroads of the continent? We are the only country where the people can vote on such matters.
The presidents had already agreed to dismantle the Nicaraguan rebels at a summit in February in El Salvador, but a 90-day deadline for working out the details passed without notice.
It's time to tuck it all back in.
The post-close sessions propose to match buyers and sellers electronically, as they are in London.
Analysts attributed the market reaction to fears that Micron, having exhausted its tax credits from prior losses, will see its tax rate rise substantially in coming periods.
"I think CEO A says to CEO B, 'I have this Macintosh, and it's really neat.'
His hour hand is small and red and points to small red hours; his minute hand is large and green and points to large green minutes.
But then prices settled back a bit.
"I certainly wouldn't say we're in a period where one shouldn't be concerned," he said.
Investigators have said a bomb in a radio-cassette player brought the Boeing 747 down Dec. 21, killing all 259 people aboard and 11 residents of the market town of Lockerbie, Scotland.
Judge Rice ruled that a new stock ownership plan giving NCR employees 8% of the stock made "a mockery" of that vote.
She also plays for froth.
Some layoffs will occur as a result of the combined stores, the executive said, but added that the number of layoffs would represent a "small percentage" of the overall work force.
Previously, Eastern had projected having $774 million in cash on hand by the end of the year for operating purposes.
It's too - it's the best question, right on target, one that we were discussing inside.
But it's unclear whether approximately $3 billion for the program in fiscal 1991 will be acceptable to the administration.
Britain is urging the Kuwaitis to cut the stake within the next 12 months.
Rather, it is the universal quality of the people.
The suit doesn't identify the other brokerage firms.
Federal appeals courts in St. Louis and New York have split on the question of whether bankruptcy judges may hear jury trials involving allegedly improper transfers of a bankrupt company's assets.
In 1987, rebel forces loyal to Marcos took over private radio-television station GMA-7 and broadcast statements.
Occidental holds a 55 percent share of the venture, while the China Kang Hua Development Corp., a newly formed company under Henan provincial control, has 45 percent.
An Israeli soldier and three Palestinians were killed today in the first gun battle between troops and Arab villagers since the start of the 17-month uprising against Israel's occupation.
"We have to build Poland.
A Foreign Ministry spokesman said the ships would meet up off Durres but further details would be withheld at the request of the Albanian government.
Industry assets as of Aug. 31 were $1.31 trillion, the lowest since August 1988.
Ford cut rebates to buyers of some of its most popular cars.
Sheldon J. Krys as assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security.
Of course, the first two incentives also are operative for foreigners' shipments to the U.S.
More than one Western journalist has been puzzled by what has been happening in this small Yugoslavian village.
The two ships collided on June 3 and nine people died on the tanker in the fire that followed.
The Washington Post, citing unidentified sources in Washington and in Kennebunkport, Maine, where Bush is vacationing, reported in Saturday editions that the secret meeting took place at Meese's request shortly before May 16.
The Labor Department's numbers already assume a steady stream of 800,000 immigrants a year; to reach his goal, Mr. Bush would have to see that number more than double.
As reported earlier, Penn Central has options to purchase approximately 26.8% of Capital Wire's shares outstanding for the same price from officers of Capital, including Vincent A. Rego, president, chief executive officer and chairman.
A blueprint for the necessary measures is provided by the agreement of nine member states to abolish passport controls at their common frontiers.
Parking refers to placing securities in another party's name to avoid disclosing ownership to the government.
Moody's downgraded its financial strength rating of Capital Holding's life insurance units and lowered its credit ratings on the parent company's debt.
Supreme Court Justice William J. Brennan Jr. urged lawyers and judges to fight discrimination in an address kicking off a yearlong celebration of the bicentennial of the federal court system.
Dukakis wasted no time getting back to work, arriving at the office at 9:30 a.m. to applause from about 50 state workers.
When regular fire crews were stretched thin all across the West, Army troops, and then Marines, were sent to Yellowstone.
But for hot-weather eating, the dish can be served cold equally well.
As such, the status of the private Ecu depends on the form of the contract that is made.
In Moscow's Red Square, hundreds of thousands of people toted banners extolling "perestroika" (economic restructuring), "glasnost" (openness) and other Communist Party programs.
Rushdie goes into hiding with his wife.
He noted that the Texas Panhandle, western Oklahoma area usually only gets about a half-inch of precipitation in February in a good year, so a dry month doesn't make much difference to the winter wheat crop.
The proposal would have raised that rate from 28 percent.
"The company entered fiscal 1988 in its best financial condition ever," Mr. Davis said.
Although the country has made significant progress by increasing the number of telephone lines for every 100 inhabitants from 20 to 34 over the past decade, that is still the lowest level in the EU.
The Dacris are natives of northeastern Pennsylvania.
Double to $6 per passenger the tax on international tickets.
State Sen. Walter Dudycz, who has demonstrated against the work at the School of the Art Institute almost daily since the controversy began, said he would co-sponsor legislation to toughen laws against desecrating the flag.
Hours after accepting the job, he went to a Washington dinner party also attended by seven journalists.
In a previous edition, pre-split per-share figures were used.
Others carried a large photograph of the dead student.
D'Abo was born in London to a British father and a Russian mother.
"VP-Planner could not offer the functional attribute of macro compatibility unless keystrokes entering the same letters or moving the cursor to the same location would bring about the same functional result as in Lotus 1-2-3," he said.
It was named by 30 percent of those interviewed.
But as Warburg's move clearly indicates, making markets in many companies' shares may no longer be worth the effort.
Winter's daughter, Lynn Kroger, said her father suffered mentally and physically after the stroke.
Managing director Lars Kylberg said he expects Alfa Laval's positive development to continue throughout the year, but not at the same high rate as during the first eight months.
Meanwhile, he has revamped the WDA's management and decentralised the agency's structure.
Packer eventually was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 40 years in prison.
"I'm going to introduce it sometime at my convenience." Rep. Rostenkowski wants the slower approach because he fears that a rush for tax cuts could lead to a big plan that isn't fully paid for and increases the budget deficit.
"Good Luck," said the judge.
The researchers indicated that while the device could be permanently implanted, the active living cells could be "replaced periodically" if necessary.
Instead, it will simply report finding so many people on the streets, so many in shelters or hotels, so many doubled up in apartments, etc.
On Saturday, dissident sources said police surrounded the apartment building across the street from the government offices of the Russian republic, where the first meeting was held, but did not break it up.
The two women chat cheerily.
The composite index added 13.18 at 608.06 in turnover of Won449.36bn.
It also requires Elf Aquitaine for the next 10 years to receive FTC approve before acquiring any interest in a company that manufactures or sells either chemical in the United States.
But the whole idea of deep dilemmas for the U.S. flies in the face of common sense.
Later yesterday afternoon, U.S. Attorney Roy C. Hayes issued a statement that said the government "believes the facts were fairly presented to the jury and accepts the verdict of the jury."
The lag followed a boom in the early 1980s, when the industry seemed reborn.
"I want to get out, now that I've had an insight into it," he says.
The rise of home-based operators is causing governments to soften their stance, say home-business experts.
Gateway stock closed at 50 cents, down 6.25 cents, in national over-the-counter trading Friday.
They also thrive in towns. Not that skimmias had everything their own way.
He said one soldier whom he would not identify had a leg amputated.
A year after Colt Firearms drew praise for pulling its AR-15 semiautomatic rifle off the civilian market, it is under fire for producing a new version that critics say is virtually the same weapon.
"A lot of them are worried about drugs and alcohol.
Political jitters have been exacerbated by recent corruption scandals surrounding members of the government.
Strommen said the West is severely lacking in moisture from reduced snowpack during the winter, which resulted in "well-below-normal" reservoir levels in much of the region, including Idaho, Washington, Oregon and Nevada.
"It's better than when they tell you they're looking for a certain music book and all they know is that it's green," said Larry Heidel, floor manager at Carl Fischer, which stocks 610,000 titles and bills itself as the world's largest music store.
The chef Rasit Ozdemir is from Bolu, a province famed for its cooks.
"It made my day," co-prosecutor Bruce Levin said of the verdict, referring to the so-called "Make My Day" law which allows residents to use deadly force in their homes against intruders.
"Suppose a child has a hearing loss and a speech delay," says Peggy Balla, a public health nurse who became CHIP's director. "Is that a medical problem or an educational problem or both?
The appointment of the committee is consistent with the board's "strong desire" to preserve the company's independence, said Jones Y. Pharr, the committee chairman.
Tass, the official news agency, reported that in the western Siberian town of Mezhdurechensk in the Kuznetsk Coal Basin about 20,000 miners and transport workers participated in a two-hour warning strike Monday morning.
However, activists in the third and smallest Baltic republic of Estonia said a gathering was being organized for Sunday.
The CBOE foreign currency options will trade alongside the Philadelphia exchange's existing contracts, said the Philadelphia Board of Trade's president, Arnold Staloff.
But the West has never abandoned all its doubts about Soviet intentions, and now it might start wondering once again who is really in control in the Kremlin.
The stock rose $2.125 yesterday to close at $132.75 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Ham radio operators who picked up a distress call said the skipper identified the yacht as the Satori, based in Miami.
Spare a thought, however, for the new recruits to the real business of life, those for whom 1994 may be the start of a lifetime of gardening until arthritis stops them in the 2030s.
Little legislation has moved through the Congress so far this year, with most of the time spent on the failed plan to raise congressional pay and the Senate battle over the nomination of John Tower for defense secretary.
So the decisions pitted service against diversity in Tampa.
The woman was not on the company's life support registry, which lists customers who use life support and medical treatment machines in their homes.
One-quarter of the workers are unemployed, including two out of three (20,000) miners from a once-powerful mining industry whose costs now far exceed earnings.
Stock prices extended their recent gains in unusually slow trading related to the observances of Columbus Day and Yom Kippur.
If industry reduces waste 10%, that's $10 billion in savings.
Union officials at those plants took the news in stride. An official of the United Auto Workers in Dubuque said workers expect the company to make an attractive early retirement offer.
According to Paul Gratton, president of Central Group Ltd., the administrator of Central Fund, the company doesn't sell calls against its inventory, as this would violate its conservative investment policy.
Charlotte Baecher, educational-services director at Consumers Union, the publisher of Consumer Reports, shares Ms. Charren's concerns.
Glenfed has a total of 215 branches in California and Florida, with all but 67 in California.
Indonesia has said it owes $50 million to China.
Their father had been given custody of the children after a 1985 divorce.
The country evidently needs still faster export growth. India also needs to increase exports and imports in relation to GDP.
A survey says most Americans would support advertisers that withdraw commercials from TV programs that some viewers find objectionable and would back a boycott of companies that sponsor such shows.
Overcoming traditional English reserve, many suburbanites shared cars or were seen hitchhiking to work.
"We are encouraged by Chinese statements and actions regarding Iran's acquisition of Chinese anti-ship missiles, Silkworms," State Department spokesman Charles E. Redman said.
The five suburban Washington papers are published each weekday morning.
"The government is not at war with the airlines," he added. "But it's not enough for the government to do it alone." In the four seizures since August, 494 pounds of cocaine has been found aboard Eastern aircraft.
Exercise should start with a warmup, in "an effort not to jump start the body," and rip a muscle that's unprepared for maximum exertion, he said.
The new ones "include more positive advice, oriented to the total diet, with clear wording and specific numbers," he said.
The Senate Judiciary Committee cleared legislation requiring each federal trial court to adopt a plan for cutting costs and delays.
French equities were rightly unimpressed.
Now, commercial methods and salaries to match are emerging.
The potential size of such expansions is usually not revealed in budget estimates of the expansions' initial years.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials was up 17.57 points at 2,470.54 at midafternoon.
The Zurich public must have wondered where Dr Miller earned his reputation. There was some compensation in Eliahu Inbal's powerful, purposeful conducting and a well-matched cast.
Anne Lorsung, a high-yield analyst at McCarthy, Crisanti & Maffei Inc., said prices rose on the perception that if Thomson acquires part of Harcourt Brace, it will retire some of the debt at a premium.
The thud of exploding shells and whooshing sound of rockets echoed across Beirut as Syrian gunners opened up on the Christian-controlled coast north of the capital.
It has run a persistent budget deficit for the past decade, which last year reached about 9 per cent of GDP, double that of the US.
If they've heard about it, it isn't happening to them.
As part of his research for the role of Lincoln in the NBC mini-series, "Gore Vidal's Lincoln" in March 1988, Sam Waterston spent two days at the folklife center listening to 1940s recordings of natives of the Smoky Mountains.
Worried about the potential financial impact of burgeoning frequent-flier programs and triple-mileage travel awards, many major air carriers have imposed restrictions on the plans or are thinking of doing so.
It began production in mid-1988 and produced 100,000 ounces of gold a year between 1989 and 1991 - a tenth of Chile's total output.
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi of India ended a visit to China today with the two nations expressing a common desire to improve ties after nearly three decades of strained relations.
But now she stands accused by a Northwest logging group of promoting the "radical agenda" of environmentalists.
"Working this operation" with the FBI, she replied.
'Skanska is a well-run company strong on the contracting business side with a number of industrial companies and a good stock of real estate companies', said Mr Barnevik.
Dennis O'Dea, counsel for the equity committee, denied the panel had made any such designation.
Baseball owners are doing better than ever, increasing their operating profits by 75 percent in 1989 to a record $214.5 million, according to financial figures obtained by The Associated Press.
But the 28-year-old Metzger, an assistant coach at Villanova University here when he's not collecting pins, is nothing if not persistent.
The rating of general and refunding mortgage bonds, third mortgage bonds and pollution-control revenue bonds was lowered to triple-C-minus from triple-C.
After being put in the cruiser, Youngblood pulled a gun from a handbag and ordered Patrolman Louis Hood to drive him to suburban Norton Shores, Stout said.
"I just think Congress would like to be asking questions about almost anything, any time," the President said to reporters at an appearance with Yitzhak Shamir.
The overnight $10 million increase in the prize money was announced by Susan Nefzger, spokeswoman for the lottery.
I said, yeah, I've kissed her a few times.
This is good, because most of the show - despite all the bombing, shooting, attempted prison breakouts and high-speed blurs of red - is strictly from arrrrrrgh.
Kyocera declined sharply Monday and brought similar high-priced, small-capitalization issues down with it.
The Caribbean News Agency, quoting police and hospital sources, said on Saturday that at least 22 people have died in fighting since the coup attempt began, but exactly where the fighting occurred remained unclear.
Three Sinhalese extremists and a soldier were killed and militants torched buses on the first anniversary of an accord aimed at ending Tamil separatist violence, police said today.
It is the kind of thinking that has made America's unionized industries uncompetitive in world markets; the country's unemployment rolls grow, and its businessmen invest elsewhere.
Jenson, who has since married her fiance, said she is proud of the state and angry that French is publicizing the case as a moral quandary.
'It can be middle management who unbeknownst to the board get the firm into difficulty,' says Sue Hankey of lawyers Cameron Markby & Hewitt. The excuse is sometimes ignorance.
Is there anyone who doubts that there are more Cuban, Soviet and Soviet-bloc advisers, both military and civilian, in Nicaragua than there were when Ronald Reagan took office?
Other than its expansion into 40 of Sears's California stores, Sears Savings Bank has played a relatively minor role in Sears's diversification into financial services.
Snowshowers were scattered in Montana, Wyoming and Nebraska.
The essay did not indicate where the author lived or where the purported incident took place.
The gain in the Labor Department's Producer Price Index for finished goods, one stop short of retail, topped last year's rate of 4.0 percent and was more than double the 1987 rate of 2.2 percent.
The second, which is much better, has a performance of 'The Red Flag' which has a pretty stirring tune.
China's admission that agreement could not be reached this year on its bid for membership of the Gatt and the new World Trade Organisation cost its government considerable loss of face.
But union general counsel Robert Hart said such a compromise was unacceptable and would not settle the dispute as the 12:01 a.m. Thursday strike deadline loomed.
Senior executives from Computer Innovations weren't in the office yesterday and weren't available for comment.
He took his ministers on a cruise around Manila Bay in an apparent bid to quash reports of schisms between power blocs in his seven-week-old government.
"I believe the steps we are now taking to rationalize the company will improve its profitability and reward everyone's efforts to save Sock Shop," he said.
Purchases of cars and video equipment were prominent among the purposes of the borrowing, the agency added. The Dutch index of manufacturing orders in hand rose to 103.7 in July from 103.5 in June, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
And there's much more interest in saving state funds by offering early retirement incentives, the approach taken in Iowa and Louisiana, or delaying salary increases, the path chosen by California and South Carolina.
The new criminal-contempt complaint reiterates the government's allegations that Mr. Eyerman instructed a First Jersey branch manager to conceal and destroy documents to disrupt the efforts of a court-appointed monitor, Benjamin L. Lubin.
Gore had sued Impra for $72 million in damages.
Gov. Evan Mecham's lawyer accused a state agency of intmidating defense witnesses Monday as he moved for a mistrial or dismissal of charges at the governor's impeachment trial.
While he does not believe the Conservative Party could take power, "I absolutely, definitely assume that they will become more and more negative from the point of view of stability as the country moves toward changes."
On the New York Stock Exchange, volume was 35.68 billion shares, a 30% rise from 27.51 billion the previous year.
Beryl Sprinkel, who plans to leave his post as White House economic adviser in November, said that current interest rates are "much higher than can be justified by inflation."
The check, which state officials say "is in the mail," will be set aside for her children's education, she says.
Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari has made it clear that his country has never been more committed to its environmental responsibilities.
News reports said that Shamir could not fire Nir in 1986 because he feared his dismissal might be interpreted in the United States as punishment for Nir's involvement in the weapons' deals.
Rose Cipollone was so hooked on cigarettes that she smoked a pack while in labor with her first child, even though she had tried to quit, an addiction expert testified in support of her family's liability suit.
Mr. Kerkorian split MGM Grand off from the movie company in 1980.
That market has been served by workstation makers like Apollo Computer Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc.
In its SEC filing yesterday, the group of companies affiliated with the Pritzker family said it acquired the Ramada stock "primarily for investment purposes."
But yesterday Mr. Anderson, Continental's former chairman and chief executive officer, testified as the FDIC's star witness, helping to point the finger at the banking concern's former auditors, Ernst & Whinney.
This contrasts with 1991 when prices shot up but volume was absent. 'We have noticed the buzz,' says John Houlihan, of the small companies team at Hoare Govett.
"We're in this for the long haul," Armentrout said. "We have memories as to what happened to people who sold out at the bottom of the crash in 1987.
Like most Moscow intellectuals, he already has got used to the idea that just about anything non-pornographic that isn't an outright attack on established order can be safely printed in this country now.
In another, shipments to military contractors were held up because of "paper work processing delays."
"On the older DC-8's, the gauges were so unreliable that we were directed by Braniff to disregard them totally and keep a fuel-burn chart," he said.
It is believed to have provided for the 'creation' of a financial department.
Under Korean law, the parliamentary committee has the power to refer the case to the prosecution for legal action, but the prosecution must decide whether to act.
The institute, a division of the Ministry of Health, said that as of the end of September, 23 girls and 18 boys had come down with the fatal disease.
The extra money, at a minimum, would mean that an agent wouldn't lose money on very low-priced tickets; the cost of booking a ticket sometimes exceeds the actual commission on fares of less than $200.
During the first five months of this year, 3,231 Romanians crossed ilegally into Hungary, deputy Interior Minister Zoltan Gal said last week.
About 5,000 teen-agers marched 22 miles Saturday to demand that the government find jobs for them and the estimated 10 million unemployed people in the country.
Vorotnikov was first deputy premier of the Russian republic in 1975-1979, but lost the support of the Kremlin leadership in the last years of President Leonid I. Brezhnev and was made ambassador to Cuba.
In view of the unpopularity of these measures, there are doubts, in a number of countries, on how long they will be maintained.
"She'll be able to do everything, including dance," Neuwirth told reporters at Manhattan's Institute Hospital for Joint Diseases.
But North End natives remember.
Eleven deaths involved sex slayings at a cabin 120 miles east of San Francisco.
There is no suggestion of a major civilization.
Gorbachev's decision to participate personally in the meeting showed the significance he attached to making the change.
Calling the United States a "nation at risk," Oliver North criticized the news media and Congress and praised President Reagan in a speech before a friendly audience of about 200 people.
Cezar was booked on first-degree robbery, criminal mischief and criminal trespassing, said police Sgt. Greg Phares.
His gain on the deal is estimated at 1.2 billion kronor.
Kasparov said Moscow either was unwilling or unable to solve ethnic disputes involving Azerbaijan and Armenia, and he called for individuals to begin direct negotiations between the republics.
But rank-and-file party members won't have the chance to vote on the party's candidates, Tass said.
The plant will be built and run by Onyx and Esys-Montenay, two companies in Compagnie Generale des Eaux, the French group, together with the council.
Mr. Chevalier, however, is in charge of the merger transition team.
Earlier, in the morning, Genoese said workers were being told to walk out.
The administration's record hasn't been entirely negative. Spurred by the warnings of scientists, it supported the international agreement to reduce emissions of chemicals that are destroying the Earth's ozone layer.
Responsibility for tourism has been passed from the Department of Trade and Industry to employment and now to the Department of National Heritage.
It believes that there is no evidence of any such rise. Last year the OFT found that selling The Times at 30p did not represent predatory pricing.
Appropriations for it are not much of a turkey to hand out to the voters, given that most people have never heard of it, the rest can't say it, and those who can don't know what it is.
The only way it can work is if prices in an area are rising at least 10% a year."
Earlier this month, three Bonneville investors filed a suit seeking class action status, charging Portland General with various federal securities law violations that the investors say led to Bonneville's financial collapse.
Eleven FBI agents who conducted the leak investigation took sworn statements from 109 people.
The trader tried again: "Selling Gore for any price."
"At the time the competing offer for $415 million was received, we had already signed a letter of intent with Hearst for $400 million," J.H. Creekmore, president of the endowment, said in a statement.
He said nuclear plants remain a feasible source of electricity despite the accident.
We were taken to a holding place for 14 days until they decided what to do with us.
'It started with the inter-Christian war in 1990.
After the earlier application was rejected, Hydro-Quebec offered the electricity to other Canadian utilities, but none was interested in buying it on the same terms as those offered to the New England group.
The raid was conducted with the knowledge of administrators appointed last week to help Polly Peck sort out its 1.3 billion pounds, or $2.5 billion, in debt, a Serious Fraud Office spokeswoman said.
He added that production should increase to 150,000 barrels a day with the addition of Parker's new technology and services from 25,000 barrels a day currently.
The turnout wasn't known, but was thought to be high.
"I was told I had to do it."
"Such a tunnel could be used by military forces and represents a flagrant violation of the Armistice Agreement," he added.
Museums are "making sure exhibitions are understandable to and enjoyable by wider populations," Able said.
The high court last May declined to decide the constitutionality of such enormous punitive-damage awards in personal-injury and breach-of-contract cases.
The three-network share was only 58, typical of last summer.
The Grand Canal and other major waterways remained open to gondolas and motorboats.
Coffee prices had strengthened in the past two weeks on speculation that the Bush administration would take a more conciliatory stance in ICO talks as part of its war on drugs.
In Switzerland, the Justice Minister said Sunday that a "precautionary" freeze has been placed on any assets that may be held in Switzerland by Ceausescu and his family.
The National Council of Higher Education Loan Programs, a trade group for loan agencies, estimates the figure to be between $200 million and $400 million.
He is also deputy chairman of the Clerical Medical & General life assurance society, as well as being a director of Monks Investment Trust and Macmillan.
Analysts said the agreement firmly establishes AT&T as an important supplier to the technology-starved former Soviet republics and Eastern Europe.
Fujitsu says its new machine, the VPP500, runs at a maximum of 355 gigaflops.
McCaw's outstanding hostile tender offer of $110 per share for LIN stock it doesn't already own had been scheduled to expire at midnight EDT Friday.
The report acknowledged the "fiscal realities" of federal budget deficits and that some potential trade-offs might have to be considered, including raising the $500 million by canceling some other USDA research.
Angola has long had a reputation as a hard place.
I can come in, do my voices alone.
The actively traded December contract also lost 80 cents, finishing at $359.50.
But this is placing a huge strain on staff training.
The warning is part of action by the industry against a bill, C-91, introduced in parliament in Ottawa this week.
Mr. Price will only say, "We are keen to invest in building our business.
Scientists now expect the spacecraft to be in and out of touch until controllers can send it new instructions on how to properly aim at Earth, he said.
It is getting Pounds 500,000 from the Council, the largest grant to date, to make good its ambitious policy of new commissions.
In basic services, it could be Dollars 10bn in five years, say industry executives. An official of Alcatel, the telecommunications equipment maker, says: 'We believe India is the next China.
That's where the exchange could be useful.' But this is all heady stuff, and the BSE has to learn to walk before trying to run.
The question of a successor immediately turned to whether Mr. Bush would nominate a black and whether the field of black conservatives was wide enough to choose from.
Cemetery workers restored the tombstones at a cost of thousands of rubles, the newspaper said.
The 1st District Court of Appeal agreed that Verketis would not have been waiting for the officer with a gun had he not suffered a "life-transforming injury," but said that fact did not make the sentence disproportionate to the crime.
Newmont, with its large mining operations and rights in the U.S., has the largest gold reserves of any company outside South Africa or the Communist world.
The remaining $25 million will be used to increase the company's cash reserves, officials said.
Mr. Kobayashi donated $100,000 each to the cities of New York and Los Angeles, explaining that the gifts reflected the Japanese custom of presenting a bowl of noodles to a neighbor when you move into a new house.
The movie will include an update at the end because the case is still unfolding, Ms. Whitcomb said.
"But how do we know it's necessary?" Still, the French president said he thought "the time has not come, far from it," for a "zero option" eliminating all short-range missiles from Europe.
But because the dollar's rally has slashed the value of European investments when translated into U.S. currency, an American investor with money in European stocks probably hasn't earned anything like 20%.
Many followers believe the 35-year-old Roman Catholic priest is a prophet.
The temporary cancellation of licenses for use of above-ground strychnine halts that product's use, but allows the pesticide to be used below ground.
Friday's edition of the magazine Paris-Match, for exampale, reported 23 percent of those questioned planning to vote for Chirac, to 19 percent for Barre.
In Cleveland, the family of Hartwig has criticized the Navy's report and characterized Hartwig as a convenient scapegoat being used to deflect attention from what they consider the Navy's negligence.
When he was cajoled by his divided German coalition partners to agree sharp price cuts in May, farm reform was in the bag. hard Mr Soisson is the unhappiest member of the cast.
But the decision may have little more than symbolic importance.
The outgoing Sandinistas turned over huge quantities to their supporters before leaving office.
The port was closed.
Information in the filing indicates that the insurer has not yet put its real estate problems behind it, however. During 1991, foreclosures on real estate increased by $700 million to $1.8 billion, the company said.
Two intriguing messages from a Lebanese terrorist group, the recent release of a West German hostage, and an apparent political shift in Iran are kindling fresh hopes that some of the nine American hostages in Lebanon will be set free this year.
Western European and Japanese leaders hailed Moscow's plan, but noted that any pact should be verifiable and linked to cuts in conventional forces.
The doctor, David Collings, performed 338 operations in Britain after returning last year from five years in his native Zimbabwe. Health officials are trying to find the patients to offer them counseling and, if necessary, a free blood test.
If management treats employees' concerns with indifference, then employees will not care about the customers' complaints.
I want it back.' I suppose some Moslems, reading those words uttered by Mr Salman Rushdie, the novelist, last week in his speech on the third anniversary of Ayatollah Khomeini's fatwa condemning him to death, will have felt a grim satisfaction.
In the province of Warsaw, which includes the city and surrounding villages, local governments have paid only 3 percent of their annual dues to the provincial government, the Zycie Warszawy newspaper said.
Whitley told the Banking subcommittee that financial institution cases have overloaded the criminal justice system. A survey of FBI field offices showed more than 8,000 pending cases, half of them involving losses of $100,000 or more.
"I think people look at the world in many different ways and choose to see what they like," she said in an interview last year with The Washington Post. "I think lots of people ignore some of the harder issues, the more unpleasant things.
The 15-year-old pipeline was expected to be repaired by early Tuesday morning, he said.
All of them were thrashed by the police."
The temptation to deposit their wealth outside Indonesia is therefore difficult to resist.
"Subscribers can receive Time publications whose ads have information geared specifically towards them," says Bruce Judson, the magazine group's director of marketing, who spearheaded the program under Mr. Elliman.
Authorities contended Savage then sent Sean Doutre, 22, a bouncer at his bar, to kill Mrs. Spearman.
Some insiders say the Bronfmans have brought greater financial savvy to the board.
We see the car as an American car." The company saw the growing demand in Japan and "thought that it probably would sell," he said.
Zoran is the more exotic American equivalent, available at Browns in London, and English Eccentrics has had a great success with its classical motif devore chiffon and velvet. Evening transparency need not be expensive.
Yemen said Saturday that it was fully committed to honoring the U.N. embargo and denied reports it serves as a base for Iraqi warplanes.
Western claims that the borders will be redrawn in Europe "are strange postulates, in my view!" he wrote. "Yes, the Berlin Wall has stopped being an obstacle isolating East German citizens from the Western world."
If Smiles does not exercise the option, it is proposed the company be liquidated.
Separately, GM said that as of a June 1 deadline, about 12,400 North American blue-collar workers had accepted bonuses to quit their jobs or take early retirement.
The folks at Graceland say Elvis remains buried at his Memphis tourist attraction.
In past elections, rebels have sometimes cut off the fingers of people who voted.
Right now, I've got my feet up on the ottoman, and my remote control set to zap.
EC finance ministers last night supported legislation aimed at preventing banks overstretching themselves with large loans to single clients, writes Andrew Hill.
The company should be applauded for its nerve.
And that's principally the high technology companies like computers, and the aircraft industry." And Jones questioned whether economic growth could continue without a strong consumer contribution.
The religious parties also want to see abortions outlawed and commercial activity banned on the Jewish Sabbath.
Lazard was snubbed again when the Agnellis bought into Exor, a $1 billion holding company that includes some swank Paris real estate, the prestigious Chateau Margaux Bordeaux vineyard and a 35% controlling minority interest in Perrier.
Ashwell's truck was stopped April 11, but he said he was told it was because of faulty documentation for his cargo.
With independence come other liberties.
A court today upheld the government's ban on broadcast interviews with members of extremist groups in Northern Ireland.
The Navy said it was secretive to prevent the curious from collecting souvenirs or interfering in the cleanup.
The stock rose 5/8 Monday.
The four-car passenger train carrying about 60 passengers derailed and tumbled down an embankment after hitting the gravel-laden train in southwestern Netherlands at about 10:40 a.m., said spokesman Hans Meijer.
The state Board of Pardons today rejected a plea for clemency from convicted "Hi-Fi" murderer William Andrews, scheduled to die by injection early Tuesday after nearly 15 years on death row.
Such is the nature of TV that the show was taped in Brooklyn.
"They feel their time is more valuably spent in the lab getting some of the details people have criticized them for not having," said Brophy, who planned to attend the sessions in Santa Fe.
Where did you hear that?" said Gephardt.
The Philippine military said it had uncovered a plot by communist guerrillas to kill retired U.S. Maj. Gen.
Its compassion, conviction and lyricism have caused it to be read by millions around the world in 20 languages.
So is Volcker capable of moving the market? "No.
It needed a partner, and Mr. Nevin was determined to find one.
At that time, however, he stressed that he wasn't speaking for Mr. Hilton and that the company wasn't a party to the litigation.
"I expect the consumer will retrench," said Mr. Kahan of Kleinwort Benson.
The Senate Banking Committee approved the nominations of Alan Greenspan to be chairman of the Federal Reserve Board and David Ruder to be chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Wilder challenged a decade of political wisdom by taking the offensive with commercials on abortion on television, where pro-choice and right-to-life groups have both spent heavily on commercials as well.
The dollar slipped to 133.155 Japanese yen in New York, compared with 134.515 yen late Monday.
"What are the chances of this person in Iowa calling a random number in Tempe and getting a recording" describing a suicide attempt?
A neighbor of the victim noted the license plate number of the car from which the shots were fired and it was traced to Sindicic.
Led by retired Navy Adm.
Government troops overran a major Tamil rebel camp in eastern Sri Lanka and found the bodies of 20 policemen believed to have been captured last month, military officials said today.
The first device was produced at TI's Dallas chip research and manufacturing complex Feb. 12, Robert W. England, vice president of the company's semiconductor group, said Wednesday.
The restaurants had been serving such fare as baby spring chicken and chocolate decadence cake since the council stopped a city food service that had cost $4,600 per year.
That would hurt growth prospects for the colony. So, where will the equity market go from here?
Her little girl said: 'That newsman has broken the law.
After seasonal adjustment, the March trade surplus was $8.40 billion, down from $8.45 billion in February.
"It's not going to happen; the Congress won't go for it," said David Freeman, a former TVA head who now is general manager of the Municipal Utility District in Sacramento, Calif.
In the morning, it purchased Pounds 34m of Band 1 bank bills, and Pounds 200m in repos for resale on 29 July.
The Beazer group said today it would extend its $60-a-share offer, launched March 3, from its scheduled expiration at midnight today until midnight April 15.
It currently is 8% for six-month borrowings.
Stethem's parents, Richard and Patricia, and their other two sons, Kenneth and Patrick, listened closely to the proceedings.
If Poland had equipment using Western microprocessors, the whole operation could fit into a single room, said Janusz Cienecki, the engineer in charge of the center.
The nuclear issue "couldn't come at a worse time," said a diplomat from a NATO country, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Hastings, the first black federal judge in Florida, was acquitted in 1983 of charges that he solicited a bribe.
Police say that since September, there have been 28 incidents involving gang shootings on Okinawa.
The shares slipped 2 to 415 1/2 p, as did the partly paid, to 172p.
But I'm already facing up to the irreversibility of the aging process." Porizkova said she's learned to "sew great curtains, paint, build dollhouses, act and write."
Norway's $500 million offering, launched last Monday, was seen as a major test of reviving investor appetite for Eurodollar securities.
Yet it's crucial jargon because the civil-rights lobby has based its entire strategy on the courts.
Evie, an 8-year-old female giraffe, died Sunday about 11 hours after falling on her side, zoo officials said.
Twenty-six aliens were arrested at Los Angeles International Airport and 11 were arrested at Ontario International Airport 30 miles east of here in sweeps staged late Saturday and early Sunday, according to an INS official.
Mountbatten's expression gave nothing away.
The only other Michelin three-star restaurant in Britain, the Waterside Inn at Bray, is owned by Roux's brother, Michel.
Each company has invested $1 million in the venture for start-up funding.
"I deal with a lot of real world things here that perhaps the clergy who have been clergy for their whole careers don't see," he said.
Most short-term interest rates rose yesterday while bond prices fell for the third session in a row.
Improved weather _ lighter wind and higher humidity _ allowed progress against the blaze, and U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Rosalinda Ewen said many of the 2,300 firefighters had been sent home.
"You can postpone a new road," he said. "You can't postpone a defective bridge." Stanley anticipates no problems with tolls. "I personally believe people will pay tolls if it's a direct user fee," said Stanley.
Calls for the king's return have gained urgency since the Soviets ended their nine-year intervention in Afghanistan last week by pulling out the last of their troops.
Last Christmas, an 11th Circuit judge was killed by a mail bomb and a similar bomb was safely intercepted at the courthouse. Another bomb killed a Savannah lawyer and one was sent to the NAACP office in Jacksonville, Fla.
A plume of smoke was visible in Jacksonville, about 40 miles north of the plant.
"He's the large systems guy in the corporation and the person with the most technical background among senior management," Mr. Mandresh said.
This deal was announced in early September.
Mr. Gephardt, for his part, would have to elevate himself from the protectionism vineyards where he mostly labors and accept some larger responsibilities.
Most of the Soviet visitors praised Mikhail S. Gorbachev's reforms, saying they had greatly simplified the procedure for getting exit visas.
As a result, the median-priced home in metropolitan Boston rose, while actual prices in all categories fell.
Some Democratic strategists believe Mr. Kopetski should do something dramatic, such as filing an ethics complaint against Rep. Smith.
We need every subscription we can get," said Shine. "Some guy walked out of the building and thought we'd gone bankrupt." Shine couldn't speak long because customer service workers were passing around passes for free kisses.
The Rhode Island maker of graphic recording systems said it expects to report a gain of $2.50 a share for the first quarter ending April 30 as a result of a $3 million legal settlement.
Estonia declared support Tuesday for the declaration of independence by its Baltic neighbor, Lithuania, and appealed to Mikhail S. Gorbachev to end military and political pressure against Lithuania.
But Mrs. Hull refused to promise and tore up the note on the floor.
This summer, the jamboree attracted more visitors than the busiest week of the town's winter ski season.
After five years of community education, Farquhar said, the average plasma cholesterol level among residents in Salinas and Monterey was 2 percent below that of people in Modesto and San Luis Obispo, which were used for comparison.
Blaize's ouster as party leader was apparently due to his drop in popularity, especially among the young, and his ill health.
Addressing a Lithuanian festival, Bush challenged the Soviet Union to make good on its reforms toward openness by relaxing its grip on the nations it occupied after World War II.
The Central Ionizing Radiation Protection Service, a government agency, said there were no injuries.
In 1988, officials estimate, 44 percent of voting-age Hispanics were registered, compared to 54 percent of blacks and 60 percent of whites.
The ruling Politburo also replaced this month its party leaders in both republics.
For weeks after Murphy used it, we went around at `This Morning' saying, `Lighten up.
Col. Billy Bibit in the predawn raid, police said.
And there are few signs that the pace will slow this month.
Moscow wants IMF endorsement of its credentials as a pro-reform government, while the Fund is seeking to justify its position as lead manager in helping Russia remake its economy in the capitalist mould. Reaching agreement will not be easy.
In Moscow, Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze proposed Friday that Europeans, Americans and Canadians vote on reunification because they suffered so much in World War II.
In the municipal market, a huge $2.6 billion issue of New York state tax and revenue anticipation notes was offered to investors through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
The ditch was supported by 57 percent of the San Diego-area residents, while 31 percent of this group said they opposed the plan.
Japan's trade surplus grew 41.7% in September from a year earlier to a record, heightening worries about friction with other nations.
The big gain in incomes reflected in part healthy increases in employment which occurred during February.
The six to eight gunmen, who have killed two passengers, demand that Kuwait free 17 pro-Iranian extremists convicted in the 1983 bombings of the U.S. and French embassies there.
He set the Feb. 9 election date after weeks of speculation that he wanted to extend the term he first won in 1983.
Each senator will be getting 350 books and each member of the House about 300.
There will be new challenges for NATO, as the level of concern about armed conflict reduces.
Critics fear a new paramilitary will increase human rights abuses against civilians.
Speculative demand was sustained but analysts said that state-owned investment institutions sold heavily in all major stocks, smothering the rally.
"We would like to lower our voices a little and let these issues play out for a few days and see what happens," Bush spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said on Aug. 11.
It is buying the stake at a multiple of around 12 times this year's earnings.
The main evidence for all this against Mr. Wallach came from Anthony Guariglia, which is why the case collapsed.
Most of the time, the perpetrators, in fact, have gone unpunished in any significant way.
Attendances at races mushroomed, television audiences grew apace, sponsorship brought unprecedented resources to the teams, and the big car-makers entered the fray on a greater scale than ever before.
Karl Wiedergott, who recently did a pilot for a new CBS-TV series called "Limited Partners," plays the role of Tyler.
Volume was a high 502.5 million shares.
At the clinic, she said she had been sexually active for two years without birth control and had had one abortion.
Sarney is widely blamed for official corruption and an annual inflation rate of at least 1,300 percent.
With unemployment hovering near a 14-year low, wages have begun to creep higher and jobs have become a focal point for policy-making.
Satwant Singh's appeal sought prosecution of two of Mrs. Gandhi's security guards.
"NCR is an enormous organization, and it isn't going to change overnight," says Ronald Stanczak, a former executive.
Gudeman said he provided the information but hasn't received a reply.
Lawrence P. Lataif will head McDermott, Will's national and international business immigration practice.
Known as the RBRVS study, for Resource-Based Relative-Value Scales, the system would pay doctors based on how much work goes into a given task.
Mr. Blair said Nova has already reduced its debt by roughly C$1 billion, which was its target for the 15 months ending Dec. 31, partly by applying proceeds of C$456 million from a recent rights offering.
Bing, born in Vienna, Austria, went to Britain in the 1930s, where he headed the Glyndebourne Opera and founded the famed Edinburgh Festival.
"SDI is destined to be no more than a research program," said John Steinbruner, director of foreign policy studies at the Brookings Institution, a liberal think tank.
I am merely one who loves well-done films, be they in color or black and white.
But Gamble says the recent rise in timber prices of 10-20 per cent must be an excellent leading indicator that now is a fine time to buy a wood. US prices have done better still.
Schumer, of Brooklyn, said many House members have been interested in change but haven't banded together before to give each other support.
By blocking the gene, the scientists delayed the ripening of tomatoes by one to three months.
William Feathergail Wilson, Placid's exploration vice president, told the Hunts of an ancient Mississippi River 50 miles wide and 200 feet deep, which buried a treasure of oil-forming debris in the vicinity of Green Canyon.
His spokesman suggested that Russia might reconsider its borders with any republic that left the union, a statement that caused a furious reaction in both Kazakhstan and the Ukraine, the two republics that stand to lose the most.
Orange juice futures prices fell sharply; heating oil futures posted fresh gains as the nation's record-setting cold spell continued; precious metals advanced; livestock and meat futures were mixed; and grains and soybeans were mixed.
Gains are tax-free - but this is also true of shares held within a personal equity plan. What if the Footsie were to slide just before June 29 1998?
This unpretentious, bucolic setting in central Kansas seems appropriate for Doskocil's quiet, shy founder.
In Seattle, where there is licensed day care for fewer than half the children who need it, voters approved a school levy in 1986 that included $5 million to create space for child-care facilities in certain schools.
The chief of staff declined to say which federal programs the president would cut to help finance his anti-drug effort.
AIDS victims deserve care and treatment.
Gifts such as those from government entities and from a person who isn't a lobbyist would have to be reported quarterly if over $100.
The caution among economists reflects awareness of a number of factors that could act as a restraint on activity.
These companies have discovered that when consumers say "value," they don't mean cheap.
Not only companies, but also the Economic Planning Agency, a police station and a city government office have requested copies of the song, Sankyo says.
The convoys are a new wrinkle in a month-old protest by truckers boycotting Indiana truckstops, gas stations and restaurants to call attention to regulations that hurt their business.
The Hall of Fame was established five years ago by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
Under the law, he need only certify that five specified conditions have been met to lift sanctions.
The staggering $102 billion foreign debt is the best-known of Mexico's economic problems, but it is far from the only one.
The prospects of Gandhi's party are uncertain.
Michael Williams, formerly md Europe for Barclays Global Services, has been appointed general manager in charge of the banking division of NOMURA Bank International.
"We said yes," she said. " We know we're innocent.
The decision was overturned by the European Court of First Instance in March for procedural reasons. The raids followed complaints by UK customers of rises of some 30 per cent in February and March.
Two weeks ago, the brokerage opened an 80,000-square-foot call-handling center in Denver.
Goldthwait said the wheat is for shipment for March.
Ebsen was the original Tin Man until an allergic reaction to the makeup forced him to give up the part.
He said it would be cheaper and require less work than with commercial fertilizers.
The state senators, voting 264, also found the first-term Republican guilty of misusing $80,000 in public funds.
Their prices held up well during the pummeling absorbed by bank stocks last fall and have surged in the bank-stock rally this year.
Precisely because nobody can agree over who owns Macedonia, say these young Macedonians, the best solution for Macedonia is for it to be separate and multinational.
Being that aggressive would require answering too many questions.
Pickens claims that the company's unwillingness to seat him on Koito's board of directors or make other changes that he wants is a symbol of Japan's unwillingness to open its markets to foreign competitors.
The problem is that the filter gets blocked, making the machine progressively less efficient.
As an indication of how long the Swiss legal procedures may take, experts in Switzerland cited the Philippine government's attempts to identify and recover assets held in Switzerland by ousted President Ferdinand Marcos.
Time, which had already agreed to merge with Warner, rejected a sweetened $200-a-share bid from Paramount Communications Inc. Back then, Time stock hit a record high of $182.75.
Last month, Orion said in a quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the company may have to seek protection under federal bankruptcy law if it can't meet its debt payments scheduled for the end of August.
Through his compact-disk player, a jazz band seems to come to life in his van.
Industry sources have identified British Gas, Elf Aquitaine and Houston-based Enron Corp., which operates the nation's largest natural gas transmission system, as three companies that have made trips to the Texas Eastern data rooms.
Southern Pacific and Calnev have agreed to buy 22 homes, including those destroyed or damaged in addition to others deemed in an unsafe location.
He specifically credits Platt with helping to achieve that rate of expansion, as well as highlighting her contribution to the group's investment business in France and Spain. Platt moved to BZW from Mercury Asset Management.
Now the French have chased it, like an unwanted ant, from pique-nique.
Because the SS-20 can be moved along highways in special trucks, critics maintain, the U.S. can't know from satellite photos just how many there are now.
Dole acknowledged that the president's new willingness to consider "tax revenue increases" is not popular.
If he decides Kimberly-Clark is liable, damages will be determined in a separate proceeding.
But when emigration rules were relaxed, the flood began.
He was desperate to find a replacement for the mother he'd lost, but the people who stepped in to care for him would always keep him at a distance, even refusing to officially adopt him.
"We look forward to another record performance in 1988," Frank Popoff, Dow's president and chief executive officer, said yesterday.
"I can't even say, they were so horrible.
More striking is that the prospect of higher short term interest rates did nothing to revive the dollar.
Santos says it's a full-time job to polish and buff the 2,400 pairs of shoes that Imelda left behind when she and her husband, Ferdinand Marcos, fled to Hawaii after the February 1986 uprising that toppled his administration.
"We should make sure that it is always there for boys and girls to enjoy forever," Jonny said.
Michael Andrews, D-Texas, and Robert Mrazek, D-N.Y., now moves to the House floor after passing the committee by a 27-11 vote.
But nothing can tell you how well they will do in the future. Your best bet is to examine a trust's consistency.
Robert Stovall, president of Stovall/Twenty-First Advisers in New York, warns that "during bull markets, presidential speeches have been known to be rallykillers" because investors' high expectations are easily disappointed.
"I had a better handle on what the Fed was going to do than how the economy was going to perform," he says.
"I think at minimum the market should be very pleased with the numbers," said Dirk Van Doren, a high-yield analyst at McCarthy Crisanti & Maffei Inc.
He has expressed hope for their replacement.
Dominion Securities' wholly owned Dominion Securities Inc. unit is one of the last remaining major independent investment firms in Canada, following deregulation of the securities industry this summer.
Although Unisys has made progress on other fronts and has reduced its debt by $300 million this year, it also said it is continuing to negotiate with its banks to try to get access to more funds.
The fuel from the first - lower interest rates - has probably run dry, although a distressing fall in January consumer confidence earlier this week did briefly revive speculation that the Fed would ease its monetary policy one more time.
They charged the government has issued two conflicting lists of polling locations and districts which could allow people to vote twice.
But to compete with conventional fuels, these products need government tax breaks. The European Commission has proposed that biodiesel and other similar products attract lower rates of duty.
The bill also would gradually take back from the well-to-do the tax saving realized from personal exemptions.
It would use a new vaporizing technology to convert reactor-grade plutonium now stored near Richland, Wash., into plutonium suitable for use in nuclear weapons.
Aided by a government policy that guided the growth of specific industries through "policy loans," the conglomerate moved into shipbuilding and steel making.
There was no independent confirmation and no comment by Baghdad, which has been fighting a brutal mountain war against the Kurdish guerrillas, who seek an independent homeland.
Following protests and threats of pickets during the tournament, the club accepted a black insurance executive as an honorary member.
The Kremlin said it was tightening the tap on Lithuania's natural gas supply Tuesday and may cut oil and gasoline to the Baltic republic for refusing to rescind pro-independence laws, Lithuanian leaders said.
The Gramm-Rudman Act forced government to at least attempt scaling back, and the phasing out of tax deductions on installment debt has made individuals more conscious of saving rather than spending.
One of the Navy's highest-ranking admirals has asked to retire after being disciplined for alleged personal misconduct while stationed in Italy, according to the Navy and defense sources.
Intelsat denied, however, that Comsat exerted undue pressure.
Police and Secret Service agents said Daughetee has no apparent motive for stalking Bush.
A continent frozen in hostility for so long has become a continent of revolutionary change.
"In Missouri alone, only about 50 percent of our corn crop has been planted and we are more than two weeks behind normal planting cotton," said Sen. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., who spearheaded the senators' efforts.
Too many times it works." Tougher state laws and more aggressive enforcement have driven many boiler room operators from the Fort Lauderdale area, but Neal estimates about 80 large telemarketing fraud operations still carry on from Miami to Palm Beach.
McKesson remains one of the largest potential partners yet to sign such a deal. Sir Richard Sykes, chief executive, has said that deals with intermediaries and even other pharmaceuticals companies were under consideration.
Germany, by contrast, has a state tax which yields its churches a lavish income.
The Boeing 727 plane arrived in Caracas on Wednesday night from Miami and the drug was found a few hours later, airport authorities said.
Miss Turner became famous in the mid-1960s in a duo with her then-husband, Ike Turner.
Anti-apartheid leaders believe a window of opportunity may be created both by the new U.S. administration and by the anticipated change in their country's leadership.
But he also believes in counterpunching.
Advancers led decliners, 1,001 to 596.
For fly fishing, save about 15 inches of the tippet, leaving the fly or hook attached.
The US base at Fairford, from where B-52 bombers flew 7,500-mile missions against Iraq in the Gulf war, is mothballed.
The 1986 figure was restated to include commodity transactions on a gross profit basis.
The 0.42 rise in the Nasdaq Composite Index to 385.01 was the third consecutive advance and the seventh this month.
While most analysts expect modest earnings growth this fiscal year, they are enthusiastic about the future, largely due to the prospects for Bombardier's 50-seat Regional Jet, or RJ.
Brunner's wife, Rosmarie, died in 1986.
But he warned that there is still a glut in the U.S. oil inventory, and that "you never know how inventory figures (to be released Tuesday) will affect" prices.
"Some of us are not in such pressing need for money," he said, "but there are others who are.
By the time police arrived, the fight had broken up and the women were in their car.
After eight or so years of buying more foreign military components, Congress is seeking to require that long lists of items be purchased in the U.S.
But Joe Fernandez, Dade's school superintendent, says he doesn't care what the NRA thinks.
Some NATO officials were caught switching the TV monitors to the Wimbledon tennis semi-final.
The consent decree filed in federal district court in Cleveland and made public yesterday requires LTV to bring the two plants into compliance with the Clean Water Act within 30 days after the decree is finalized, probably within a month.
The move will result in a $1.8 billion loss to the bank for the current financial quarter.
The bill also frees up an estimated $363 million in prior appropriations for the State Department, including U.S. contributions to the United Nations and the World Health Organization.
Free care used to be given to citizens at hospitals boasting some of the most advanced equipment in the world.
If upward momentum fails, however, profit-taking could drag the dollar down toward 1.56 marks and 135 yen before buyers reappear, Mr. Standing said.
This might well be the year that the power of prayer is overcome by the power of politics: observers agree that outrage over conditions at Bethel has been so great that the Legislature might be forced to act.
Each share repurchase right entitled the right holder to sell to Gillette one share of its common stock for $45 a share.
But the court now is far more closely divided on its 1973 abortion-legalizing decision, Roe vs. Wade, and Souter again Monday turned aside questions about his personal views on that topic.
The cities belong to the government, and caught in between are hundreds of thousands of displaced families and a network of roads that is the last lifeline of a desperate economy.
"Some people don't understand what they read," said Mrs. Smith, head of the tenant association. "I feel like somebody is ballooning things out of proportion.
Even Southern California stayed cold today with lows of 28 in the Los Angeles enclave of Burbank, 25 up the coast at Santa Barbara, and 6 in Lancaster, north of Los Angeles over the San Gabriel Mountains.
Until recently, most acquisitions in the sector have been made by other brewers.
Awaiting medical treatment next to the body was 18-year-old Raed Majed Husseini.
He also said the next rally in land prices will be unlike the one in the 1970s, which was fueled by inflation.
The first of these 'super-grasses' came forward in 1984 - Tommaso Buscetta, a former Palermo boss who fled to Brazil.
In the fall, says veteran party strategist Steve Merksamer, Mr. Quayle may help "not with the general public per se but with the base" of conservative voters who must turn out heavily to keep the state in the GOP column.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Philip Morris shares closed at $67.125.
The government has said that if guerrillas want to participate in the assembly, they must sign a peace agreement and take steps toward disbanding.
And, indeed, why not?
Democratic Sen. Paul Simon was challenged in a bid for re-election by Republican Rep. Lynn Martin, whose anti-tax message and late call for limiting the terms of Washington lawmakers had not stopped her slide in the polls.
Anderson, 51, of Yorba Linda, Calif., has been named "Suggester of the Year" for submitting nine little gems that were adopted by his company and resulted in cost-savings improvements totaling $22 million in 1987.
At Wimbledon last year, Andrew Foster, Chris Wilkinson and Chris Bailey all performed to their full potential. The next generation will be better prepared.
"They don't attempt to educate anyone about any possible health effects of smoking.
The U.S. attorney for Minnesota said the indictment charges a former Sealed Air unit with illegally exporting 434 drums of an anti-corrosion chemical to Libya in April 1986, in violation of an executive order issued earlier that year.
A book of Kuri's stories, including "Soba," scored third on a June list of national best sellers, and a movie deal is in the making.
A Nov. 1 order signed by Circuit Judge William Howell found Siegel in contempt of a 1986 ruling that he make the connection. Howell gave Siegel 60 days to hook up or go to prison.
Most public offerings are sold for 30 to 90 days before the funds start trading futures; after that, they are closed to additional investment.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service says it still plans to institute proceedings to deport Bosch from the United States.
Department economists predicted a 24% jump in soybean production to 1.91 billion bushels, slightly higher than estimates made by private analysts.
Chrysler is striking back in part with an upscale version of its vans.
Holders of the Canadian concern have the option of exchanging each of their shares for about 0.7 share of the U.S. parent.
South Africa has refused to give up its control of Namibia, in defiance of the 1978 U.N. resolution, until the Cubans leave Angola.
Worse, the agency has endured some painful losses in the last year.
The strike is one of many plaguing Peru.
The one flame red cotton poplin dress with balloon sleeves was a standout among all the sober clothes.
As Namibians danced in the streets celebrating independence after 75 years of South African rule, many whites in this country were feeling betrayed and bitter.
A firmer futures market also gave support.
Scott Allen Hain, 19, convicted of killing two Tulsa restaurant employees, who were locked in the trunk of a car that was then set on fire.
But Ofwat might reason that an appeal or two might be an acceptable price to pay for keeping water bills as low as possible.
After an eight-week trial, a jury earlier this month awarded former Ashland Oil vice presidents Bill E. McKay $14.4 million and Harry Williams $7.7 million in lost earnings and benefits.
They contend that the economy still is too weak to withstand higher rates, and that a recession appears increasingly likely.
Initially they poured port wine into three lead crystal decanters and over the next four months periodically tested the wine for lead levels.
"The one who did this is still out there," he said in a final statement.
Margaret Tutwiler, the State Department spokeswoman, said the department "has had no contact with the Soviets regarding the Bloch investigation."
A similar law in South Dakota was struck down because it offered no such protection.
And they are dropping fast as productivity is rising at a good clip.
He said required stricter controls were needed to ensure order, the agency reported.
In gloomy remarks that appeared directed partly at congressional budget negotiators, Darman spoke of "across-the-board spending reductions of a totally unprecedented size" if the $100 billion gap can't be bridged by a budget compromise.
'Of course, it is not easy,' says Kuwahara.
The offering, Series 92, backed by Freddie Mac 9 1/2% securities, brings Freddie Mac's 1989 Remic volume to $26.9 billion and its total issuance to $40.9 billion since the program began in February 1988.
About 200 Cambodian refugees prayed for peace in their village of exile in Thailand, Site B, exactly 11 years after Vietnam invaded their homeland and started the continuing civil war.
McCain said Congress has enough problems at the moment without exempting itself from laws that eliminate bias and discrimination.
FT-SE options normally make up just under a quarter of daily turnover. The June FT-SE future closed at 2,509, down 12 points.
Instead, he chose to stay in material operations at an antiquated plant nearby that GM had promised to close.
This is why we came here." Police reinforcements were called in to keep passersby and supporters of the strikers away.
Agency officials said they are investigating whether Gray and Robinson violated federal conflict-of-interest rules by using their positions as church-affiliated HUD sponsors to lease the government homes for themselves.
The government is also requiring the exchange to increase its surveillance of trading and to periodically inform its members about its rules prohibiting trading done to artificially influence price or volume.
Eskimos would not need visas to make the trip.
Most of our effort goes into manufacturing.
In the run-up to the decision, there had been widespread apprehension that the red-robed judges in Karlsruhe might tie the treaty in so many legal knots as to bring it crashing to the ground.
Each Class A share will carry one vote, while each Class B share will carry 10 votes.
In the uprising, at least 721 Palestinians have been slain by Israeli gunfire and 45 Israelis have died.
Ashland officials worked to settle the dispute for almost a decade.
With improved shipping reliability and product improvements, he said, the company was able to get its products back into several major department stores. He also said Farah didn't have to discount prices as much this year as it did last year.
"We have to fight ourselves into new markets, and that's not easy," Mr. Scheider said.
Short-time workers are defined as employees who stay on their companies payrolls but work less than the normal 38 hours a week.
But the liberal Free Democrats, junior partner in the centre-right government, said they remained unhappy about a new income tax surcharge and would not be rushed into an early coalition deal.
The time to act is now, and we are turning to the adhesive industry for help," Morison told the conference.
Even though Congress has approved the Great Plains sale, the plant's high operating costs make its market value questionable in the face of depressed oil and gas prices.
Morocco's King Hassan appeared less supportive of the idea of sending in troops, officials said, although he too indicated a willingness to participate in some Arab force.
In fact, it was just a traffic accident.
So a few years on a chunky salary would presumably be welcome - allowing him, for instance, to trade up from the holiday time share he has in Puerto Vallarta.
Police have linked the renewed tension in Jerusalem to the latest leaflet put out by Palestinian leaders.
But he added the company had also been approached by Chinese provinces seeking to interest it in a greenfield venture - an option Goodyear would consider if no suitable partner could be found.
Nevada voters approved a measure to protect abortion rights.
He tried again in 1978 and lost to Hammond by 98 votes. Hickel then ran a write-in campaign as an independent in the general election and lost.
The insurance and financial services holding company signed a letter of intent to sell a controlling interest to an investor group for $4 a share.
Four Afghan air force officers flew a government helicopter into Pakistan today and asked for political asylum for their crew, the Defense Ministry said.
A 60-day comment period will begin Dec. 22 to give the public time to offer opinions on the agreement.
"I look forward to the day when there is commercial service and I have a chance to go back," Armstrong said.
Grain futures settled mostly lower while soybeans finished mostly higher on the Chicago Board of Trade in a quiet session that appeared to mark the end of the recent selling wave, analysts said.
After years of such treatment, the editors were upset with the less-deferential treatment given them by the new French owners.
He is also the Visitor to five of Oxford's 34 colleges.
Mr. Everett said he hopes to restart the plant by early summer.
If this figure isn't revised as the previous one was, it would be the first such deficit in more than 50 years.
Criminal elements had infiltrated the SDUs, and some had run out of control.
Stock prices were widely mixed, showing signs of steadying after Thursday's steep slide.
It finished Oct. 19 down $8, without any intraday trading gaps.
"It's a losing proposition," says co-owner Marie Pietropinto, explaining salvagers must now drain all coolants, dispose of the battery and pay to get rid of waste oil.
Davis, who owns 2.9 percent of NWA's common shares, said in a statement that he supports the proposed transaction, but will reserve final judgement until he meets with his advisers.
In response, Sand levied escalating fines against the city _ $100 for the first day and doubling every day after that.
She asked him to advise her of the results of the latest investigation as soon as possible.
Do you believe Governor Hunt can help you reach some of those by being so strong in the Tennessee Valley? Bush: Well, I think he's a proponent of the space program that I have set forth.
I parked the ageing company Range Rover and with an innocent: 'See you in a few minutes,' went to find Hassan, the clearing agent. Or rather, he found me.
The lion's share of this increase was incurred to finance transfers to east Germany.
Chairman Roger B. Smith say goodbye to hundreds of friends at an opulent bash featuring smoked duck and $120-a-bottle champagne.
Mr Peskin may feel he has made a great sacrifice.
The Class B stock would have 10 votes to the common's single vote and couldn't be transferred under most circumstances.
The Persian Gulf war is expected to be on the agenda when Reagan and Gorbachev meet May 29-June 2 in Moscow.
These are straight bonds, Harry.
But Kraft, which says it has captured 57% of the national market since its 1987 entry, is responding aggressively to the new competition.
There are two key points.
The polio vaccine is the only common vaccine clearly shown to cause the disease it was supposed to prevent, said Samuel Katz, chairman of the pediatrics department at the Duke University Medical Center.
SEC Chairman David S. Ruder told a Senate subcommittee today that his agency has asked Swiss authorities to provide information on trades emanating from that country that the SEC believes involved Lee.
The success of its forthcoming share sale will largely depend on how far that can be changed.
The man born in 1961 has never known government as a "provider."
He's glad when the job is done, when he no longer is hanging in a sling seat 300 feet above ground.
The company could not be contacted yesterday.
Stock prices were mostly lower in a sluggish, holiday atmosphere on Wall Street today.
Marvin Maurice Wells, whose 1986 capital murder trial was halted when prosecutors found the right man, last year lost his $6.5 million federal suit against the police.
The Japanese central bank resumed its intervention in early Tokyo trading Wednesday.
While some people say the airport will not attract enough business to be viable, others say it is essential to attract foreign investment and bring more tourists to the territory.
Ms. Zaffuto theorizes that when the economy slows down, there is unused money sloshing around that is parked in financial assets, driving up their value.
It was a late campaign sprint in behalf of Dukakis.
Shell owns 16 of the leases.
The stock ended 19 lower at 743p on turnover of 4.9m.
Analysts agreed, however, that Digital's quarterly earnings probably won't continue to double compared with year-earlier results, as they have during the past few quarters.
The top four floors of a building under construction collapsed Thursday, burying the basement offices of a furniture factory.
"Losing the money was terrible.
Results in several municipal elections in the southern state of Oaxaca in August also were disputed.
"We have a commitment to Israeli security that is rock-hard and unshakable," a second State Department official said. "There is nothing new in that.
And out of necessity: The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power, but a single error on his part could cost him his life.
About 150 strikers at the 4,500-worker Repair Shipyard also vowed to stay off the job "to the end," they said.
"We reserve the right to impose our standards of taste," said Wayne Ethridge, a land planner, who is sponsoring the contest with Herschell Ross.
Although the bill does not specifically address the cost of Operation Desert Shield, expected to total $15 billion in fiscal 1991, sea lifts and projects such as the M-1 tank are key to the U.S. buildup in the gulf.
With the 90-day permits, workers can qualify for temporary residency.
The third contender for this contract is a partnership between U.S. firm Parsons Brinckerhoff, Scott Wilson Kirkpatrick Consulting/Engineering of Britain and Hong Kong architectural consultants Wong Tung & Partners Ltd.
In 1986, 138 nesting pairs were counted and 192 chicks survived to fly, he said.
"Did you understand you were committing a crime when you traded on inside information from Dennis Levine?," asked Assistant U.S. Attorney Scott Gilbert.
But GM also has dropped some cars from the incentive program and cut the rebates on others.
But intelligence sources said Mr. Reagan always signed such decision memoranda himself, often in more than one place, and they said they couldn't recall a single case in which the president didn't sign a decision memo authorizing a covert action.
The report also said McDonnell Douglas Corp. was one of the few major defense contractors to post a sales increase for the year.
The department received bids for the notes totaling $19.19 billion and accepted those of 6.62% to 6.66%, including $354 million of noncompetitive bids at the average return.
Nobody will play the sap for the U.S. banks."
It should see seven times as far as the most powerful earth-bound scopes.
He said, "If you ask Jack Nicklaus the best round of golf he ever had on the easiest golf course, and he told you it was 60, but yesterday he shot an 82 on St. Andrews, would you say he lost 22 strokes off his game?"
By March 1, the company said it hopes to reduce its work force by another 100 to 200 employees.
A prisoner who won $1,000 in a restaurant promotion was escorted to the post office in handcuffs Tuesday to mail paperwork to receive his prize.
Together, they currently control 38% of the company's total voting power.
Industry executives said it's more likely that IBM will continue the voluntary programs it has used with increasing frequency over the past two years to entice employees into accepting early retirement or buy-out packages.
Rock stars Tina Turner, David Bowie, Lionel Ritchie and the Miami Sound Machine also have appeared in Pepsi ads.
The statue, depicting a trio of battle-weary soldiers, was included in response to criticism that the memorial did not adequately represent Vietnam veterans.
The evacuees were brought to Elberton Civic Center where volunteers helped them find shelter at local motels or at the homes of family and friends in the area.
"We believe this will be the most historic auction of antique aircraft ever," museum President David Price said. "It's like mounting a Broadway show.
He was a good friend," Milne said.
Noting that he favors limits on the number of years politicians can hold office, he said, "It is time for them to go." He conceded that most "experts say I cannot win.
The Small Business Administration is beginning an experimental program designed to give hard-headed business advice to fledgling women entrepreneurs.
If Dukakis and Bush don't get them out, Voinovich and Metzenbaum will," the mayor said.
There were scattered posters in Shanghai earlier this week calling for a general strike, but they have largely disappeared, residents say.
But people well-versed on the subject say such concern by possible users usually doesn't last.
Recently Tom Shales of the Washington Post intoned, "The emergence and dominance of MTV represent unquestioning surrender to the corporate ethic by Ronald Reagan's figurative grandchildren."
The new ceiling is 1 million barrels per day higher than the current level but below the estimated daily output in recent weeks of about 21 million barrels.
The Texan has fought feverishly to retain special tax treatment for the oil industry, especially the independent companies not affiliated with the giant major firms.
Her barn in the snow might as well have ben painted by an artist who had never seen snow, but only told that it was white.
With varying success, new video remembrances of John F. Kennedy reflect the magic and the fears of his 1,000 days in the White House.
"She went to the back door, looked out and wanted to know if that was all of our yard and if that was our garage, which the Secret Service men were all in," Mrs. Watson said.
For this spring's touch, it's a large banded straw hat overturned like a salad bowl.
Card told reporters in Lexington, Ky., as Bush prepared to return to the capital after a three-day swing through Texas and Mississippi, that the review would determine which of the models would be permanently barred.
Also Tuesday, China's official Xinhua News Agency criticized as traitors fugitive Chinese dissidents who have formed groups in the United States to work for democratic reform at home.
It is an extension of an Ecu5bn EIB credit line agreed at last year's Edinburgh summit.
Just where does the innocent family snapshot or the sensitive portrait of a young person differ from a naked picture sold to pederasts and prosecutable under the law?
The legislation would continue to fund construction of some 400 dams and harbor and irrigation projects where work has begun, and maintain hundreds of others already in operation.
He has restored ties with Egypt and opened oil negotiations with the Americans for the possible return of U.S. oil companies to Libya, hinting he is also ready to improve relations.
Twenty years later Jean-Francois Champollion, the world's first Egyptologist, solved the puzzle of ancient heiroglyphic writing through texts from the Rosetta Stone, a basalt tablet now housed in the British Museum in London.
He said some bargain hunting also helped push up the index.
Only in exceptional circumstances would loans become repayable before maturity. Academics have welcomed the initiative.
LONDON (AP) - Italian film director Bernardo Bertolucci can go ahead with a movie on the life of Buddha.
Because of this integration, Hezbollah has been able to penetrate the other local forces.
And just in case audiences don't see just how human Ryoko is, Mr. Itami shows her kidding around with a stranger's baby, looking disarmingly unserious for a change.
The manufacturer has withdrawn Alar from the U.S. market.
The combined companies will operate under the name CPP/Pinkerton.
But Manhattan, inc. has no such plans.
Although Miss Ball hadn't visited Jamestown since 1956 and had no family there, she stayed in touch with friends.
Food shortages have caused a public outcry.
When she refused Eagan, she said, he stabbed her.
General Electric Co. said it completed the acquisition of Roper Corp. for $507.6 million, or $54 a share.
But now with a softening economy and troubled real estate markets, management has decided to sell some of these operations that aren't profitable.
It said the custodians were tied up and their mouths taped with bandages.
If the Commerce Department and the ITC issue final rulings later against the imports, anti-dumping duties could be assessed.
Stanek said it was amazingly easy.
'The only way for the Communist party to save itself is gradually to embrace reform and democratisation.
A voracious reader, he has written a dozen stylish books of political comment and reminiscences.
Despite the lack of health care and many dangers, African women continue to give birth too often, too early and too late.
If convicted of the latest charges, Mrs. Holzer could face up to 15 years in prison.
Thornburgh will then travel to Italy for discussions on Wednesday with Italian law enforcement officials about narcotics, organized crime and terrorism.
They knock on the door and say: 'The people are here from Sears.
Officials said he would like to go to Saudi Arabia to visit American troops and to Egypt, which has supported the U.S. in the Gulf crisis, on his way home.
"If we don't get the best deal for our clients, they will go elsewhere," said Shari Wall, a senior vice president of J. Walter Thompson.
Gasoline futures also were up, but trailed heating oil.
Amdahl officials declined to break out the company's shipments or order backlog.
The 1976 brief was filed in Souter's name but signed by a deputy, Richard V. Wiebusch, then an assistant attorney general.
He was kept handcuffed to another guard in a cell for the duration of the takeover.
To his followers, Gen.
The confirmation battles culminated in the Democrat-controlled Senate's rejection 1987 of Robert Bork, an outspoken conservative, for a seat on the Supreme Court.
Like Bush, Mosbacher came to Texas to learn about the oil business and invest family money.
Dealers said they expected the dollar to remain near its present levels until the end of the year.
On both sides, sweat-soaked tuggers gasped for breath from the effort.
There are six modules, so that's an extra 12,000 pounds of weight that are having to be put into orbit because of the orbital debris environment," Mr. Kessler said.
Separately, NovaCare agreed to buy Orthopedic Services for $248 million in stock.
Discovery is poised on one launch pad at Cape Canaveral, Fla., and Columbia was scheduled Sunday to be rolled out to another pad 1.6 miles away.
"We don't know as yet the exact cause of the smoke.
A squad of accountants checked House members' reports for omissions, and the committee forced many to fill in the gaps.
It was the way the whole thing developed.
Frank Janous, another East Holmes school board member, said he sent a letter of resignation last Friday after serving on the governing panel for more than 10 years.
David Taggart, Bakker's former personal secretary, and James Taggart, PTL's former interior decorator, are charged with tax evasion and conspiracy.
Minimum Pounds 5,000; charges nil initially, 0.5 per cent annually. Govett has a large number of futures and options funds, including ones based on the FT-SE 100 and others tracking European and US Indices.
According to O'Meara, Marts said he didn't know anyone in the building when he set fire to packing materials on the first floor.
U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler did not immediately decide the issue but appeared unmoved.
The two quintessential yuppie television shows are doing well enough, despite everything.
Barnes, a student at the University of Colorado, doused the flame and aired out the room, but Coco died minutes later from respiratory arrest, a veterinarian said.
Iberia, though favorable toward participation, currently isn't ready to join the project, said Iberia's chairman, Narciso Andreu.
The incremental costs "will be favorable" due to the delivery rescheduling and the increased revenue generating capacity of the larger 757 aircraft.
Bush announced Thursday that he has invited congressional leaders to a White House meeting Sunday focusing on "where we go now" in the slow-moving budget process.
On March 23, Burnley said that FAA is often reluctant to write regulations that would impose additional costs on the nation's aviation industry.
Share prices through most of Europe ended higher, also on the strength of Wall Street's surge and the stabilizing dollar.
Horacio Maldonado Schadd and Gen.
Iraqi officials also have not responded to a U.N. report on chemical weapons which concluded that the Baghdad government has made frequent and large-scale use of the outlawed weapons against Iranian forces.
Is he of Ireland?
But many traders fearful of carrying their positions through the three-day weekend opted to take profits rather than risk a market dive when trading resumes on Tuesday.
The United States has routinely denied asylum to refugees from oppression in countries it considers friendly, while granting asylum to those fleeing Communist governments, Amnesty International and congressional critics charged Wednesday.
"Don't play recession roulette with the liberal governor of Massachusetts," and said.
"Hitler was at fault, but not the only one.
The demonstrators were protesting the introduction of compulsory bilingual education in secondary schools in the region, which belongs to Yugoslavia's southern republic of Macedonia.
SAPOA, Nicaragua _ Rebel and government negotiators began hammering out the details of a 60-day cease-fire outlined in the peace accord signed last week.
At the Cable Advertising Bureau's annual conference in New York this week, industry leaders plan to encourage other networks to accept local-ad inserts.
This report, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, is one of the few large studies to look at the relationship between insurance and patient outcomes.
We don't have to change a single thing," Bush told campaign staff workers a day after beating Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas, his chief rival for the GOP presidential nomination, in New Hampshire.
Three congressmen said Wednesday that the Bush administration's scaled-down plan to protect the northern spotted owl will force a court battle that will paralyze logging in the Pacific Northwest.
At that time, Spargo, then 18 and living in New Jersey with her husband, came up to New Hampshire.
In the past couple of weeks, several companies, including Ambac Corp., have delayed their stock-market debuts.
He also must perform 160 hours of community service.
Entry is easier from the commonwealth because Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and have American passports.
"I am very angry," said a rival U.S. tobacco company executive, who has worked to expand his company's sales and market share.
But Square D's efforts to thwart the bid include a lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging that the proposed acquisition would violate federal antitrust laws.
"But a short-term experiment isn't appropriate" for a long-term, pervasive problem like the shortage of low-income housing, he says.
The Official Unionist party (OUP) is sending a 10-strong team to Dublin, and was sharply critical of the DUP at the weekend. Mr Ken McGinnis, the principal OUP negotiator, said: 'There were certain undertakings made by all parties in this process.
Mandela said the white towns in eastern Transvaal province, where he spoke, were deeply racist and should immediately end segregation of recreational areas and other public facilities.
The sale was one of a number of actions sanctioned by Judge Helen Balick.
Options markets stopped trading in many securities.
I had a knack for telling a writer how to make a script work.
But I hope you'll permit me to describe one scene.
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Kane-Miller said that on May 30 it asked Amrep for a shareholders list, to use if Kane-Miller should decide to solicit proxies to gain control of Amrep's board.
The agreement to build the project was signed in 1977.
It had to happen sooner or later - gambling on gambling has arrived, thanks to the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
Step on it: Interdome Inc. of Los Angeles offers a sheepskin pad that sticks to the car floor under the foot pedals, to prevent high heels from getting scuffed.
Gasoline quotes also spurted, with prices for delivery in Los Angeles quoted at $1 a gallon, up about 12 cents from levels earlier in New York futures trading.
The problem, according to Richard F. Wenzel, assistant director of transportation for the district, is state law.
But it's the Internal Revenue Service which estimates now that we aren't collecting $100 billion or more in taxes owed in this country.
The concert will launch a five-year campaign to raise $800 million for the Memorial Fund for Disaster Relief, said founding member Roger Waters.
NICKEL prices followed through from Friday's downturn at the London Metal Exchange yesterday.
Thus, only those who want the discount vouchers receive them.
The other method for breaking up oil spills _ pouring dispersants into the water _ is controversial because of the toxicity of the chemicals.
Mr. Lee then allegedly sold the car for $12,000 and pocketed the cash.
Advancing issues outnumbered declines 429 to 281. Shell Canada agreed to sell its polypropylene business to a new entity formed by the merger of most of the petrochemicals businesses of Royal Dutch/Shell Group and Montedison.
They aren't going for multiple albums.
Congruences or consequences were mistaken for causes, methodology was elevated into a philosophy. If there were gene markers which tallied with the experience of being homosexual that was 'an interesting observation,' he said.
Georgia was on the minds of woodcutters and federal securities officials.
South Africa's 26 million blacks have no representation in Parliament and cannot vote in national elections.
Gold fell in London to $417.75 an ounce from $423, and in Zurich, to $417.75 an ounce from $422.25.
Mr. Dalle says France was trying to rebuild at the time, that Mr. Correze had paid his debt to society, and that the L'Oreal chiefs felt it was time to look forward.
The Tennessee is the first of nine submarines slated to carry 24 of the missiles.
And to please the left, it is considering raising the tax on accumulated wealth, which hits France's 125,000 richest people.
Clark testified he never intended to deceive anyone with his expense filings.
If he and Mr. Liedtke didn't get on after a year, they could divide their interests and separate.
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange, the utility's shares closed at $25.375, up $1.375.
The Commerce Department and ITC would have to issue final rulings against the imports before anti-dumping duties are assessed.
In addition, employees-turned-entrepreneurs are often ill-prepared for their new roles.
The elder MacDonald's lawyer, Joe Keilp, argued that the tribe has fought for its sovereign rights for years but now is risking them by allowing its chairman to be sued in state court.
Mr. Stubblefield sought damages of more than $6 million and wanted the court to order Endotronics to register his 195,250 shares in the company so he could sell them before the end of a two-year holding period.
Of this, about $1.3 billion will be spent for research and prevention.
Steinhardt Partners, a US hedge fund manager which holds 30 per cent of Ransomes' preference shares, almost gained 15 per cent of votes in Ransomes earlier this year because of preference dividend payment arrears.
Johnston Coca-Cola's 11.50% subordinated notes, due in 2001, gained 2 points to end at 105.
Founded in 1961, the Texas company analyzes demographic data so that its clients, including insurance companies and charities, can better target their direct-mail audiences.
Not so much a series of rumbustious licks, Henderson's soloing consists of long, mellow and nagging passages, which both he and the listener can take some time to warm up to.
Before agreeing to any concessions, however, union officials want guarantees the former baseball commissioner and his partners have a viable plan for running the airline and no plans to sell any more of Eastern's assets.
Mr Rawlins says: 'These systems are the market.
The old Mao was driven off in a flatbed truck.
Communications Workers of America had been decided.
Currently, the Japanese bank assists U.S. exports only by providing loans to the Japanese buyers.
In 1945, American planes firebombed Tokyo and damaged the Japanese imperial palace.
A hospital spokesman disputed the charges, stating that Dickson was treated "immediately." "We believe our treatment was aggressive, speedy and appropriate," said the spokesman, Fred Yaeger.
But even those who defend Dallas justice say it has characteristics not common elsewhere.
"I said, `Tell them we've looked into it and there's nothing to it,"' he said.
But it would also open Cuba to ideological penetration."
We have not mentioned the people of the Gargano.
Today's renegades should remember that Woodstock was about drugs, and that without drugs, it wasn't much fun.
"So there was a clarity of understanding from the outset and I think that he recognizes in her a determined, successful political leader.
However, the chips only provide the heart of the system, so other components are needed to actually incorporate mulitimedia into computers, boosting the price to the expected $1,000 level.
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday's auction, for example, rose to 8.04% from 7.90%.
In a letter sent to Philadelphia Electric officials last week, the NRC staff cited concerns about "the past inability of Philadelphia Electric Co. to self-identify problems and implement timely and effective corrective actions."
We don't go to the movies.
The national deficit was cited by 30 percent as the single greatest threat to the economy.
William Johnny Mason and Lynwood White pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor, which carries a maximum one year prison term and $1,000 fine.
What is much more worrisome is that a number of recent IPOs are trading at huge multiples of their per-share earnings, in some cases as high as 100 times profit.
She was 18 at the time and married just three months.
Management at his 82%-owned MGM/UA Communications Co. was depleted by recent resignations.
The company also will request payments equal to the profits Pilgrim's Pride received on the $4.5 million in boneless chicken morsels sold since early 1986, said Greer.
"He can pick and choose, and has complete freedom to take over whatever" inquiries or pending criminal cases he wants, this official said.
About 1.5 million Palestinian Arabs live in the territories seized by Israel in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
The company said it reduced interest expense 16% during the fiscal period and cut operating overhead significantly at its main subsidiary, Frank's Nursery & Crafts.
Still, units of both companies are subjects of some of the criminal inquiries, according to attorneys familiar with the matter.
Some traders believe that if the franc comes under further pressure, the Bundesbank may be forced to lower rates at its council meeting on Thursday week.
"The occupation corrupts us.
The act reinstated federal protection against discrimination on the basis of sex, race, age or disability that had been curtailed by a 1984 Supreme Court decision.
Other industries repeated the good news-bad news motif: Orders for electronic equipment rose 3.3% while orders for industrial machinery and equipment fell 3.3%.
A Means to Loose Ends?
The Viacom lawsuit claimed that the agreement, which the suit called "a form of extortion known as greenmail," constituted one the illegal acts needed for establishing a pattern of racketeering under that law.
But Washington thinks the issue is so crucial that an added impetus is needed.
It's brought on behalf of all women.
The weak dollar makes Steuben's cheeses, called Castleborg and Saint Rochelle, more attractive when displayed next to the European or Scandanavian cheeses.
The December 1988 bombing, which killed 270 people aboard the plane and in the village of Lockerbie, has been attributed by law enforcement authorities to a pro-Iranian terrorist group.
He referred to a concert Michael gave in Toronto in 1991, which the singer described as one of the low points in his relationship with Sony. Two senior Sony executives arrived at the concert by private jet.
Ramada had income from continuing operations from casinos of $40 million and operating income from hotels and motels of $15 million.
But, as usual, the news media are a faceless mass of shouting imbeciles blinding decent folk with flashbulbs and TV lights _ as they no doubt appeared to the McClures at the time.
He also will remain chairman of the Del Monte Corp. unit.
Although the statement gave no names, NASA officials confirmed that Ms. Potter was the disciplined employee.
University of Utah President Chase N. Peterson, a cheerleader for the phantom phenomenon of tabletop fusion, is retiring under fire for a hidden, $500,000 transfer of money toward its development.
Gross first-quarter cross-border lending increased by $75 billion, down from a gain of $151 billion in the final 1987 quarter and an increase of $81 billion in the 1987 first quarter.
The ancient tradition of eating matzo at Passover has sustained the handful of matzo makers that have dominated the business for decades.
But having set up a powerful broadcast network, industry executives admit it has become impossible to control completely.
Jeyes was spun off in a leveraged management buy-out in 1986 from Cadbury Schweppes PLC, a Unilever spokeswoman noted, saying that over the past few years, "in profit terms it has grown substantially."
On defense, aides suggest that the vice president would increase spending only enough to match inflation.
A month-long hearing into the proposed takeover ended Wednesday with a warning from the Consumers' Association of Canada that the deal would cost motorists at the gasoline pump.
Defense lawyers are being paid with public funds.
After the figures were given, analysts lifted full-year forecasts to around Pounds 209m. Television shares were boosted by growing optimism that the government will not oppose mergers within the industry.
In June 1982, Pendleton argued there was little Reagan or any president could do for urban areas until the economy and American productivity improved.
At the same time, New Delhi has been making less than subtle threats to Nepal over the latter's plans to let China build more roads into the Himalayan kingdom.
Delta Air Lines has announced plans to raise economy and first-class fares, while Pan Am Corp. said it would increase the price of discount tickets.
Adams' attorneys made a whirlwind round of appeals Wednesday in hopes of finding a judge to stay the execution.
Ford, GM and Chrysler all made the list of the 10 most active issues.
A treaty to eliminate most tariff barriers between the United States and Canada leaves disputes in the auto industry unresolved, witnesses at a House hearing said.
For them, he suggests Arbaz (Valais), with its lakes and forests below Anzere.
There is also grumbling about slow paper work, and there are reports of smuggling.
Instead, many in the movement are pinning their hopes on attempts to reawaken consumer sentiment at the grass-roots level.
Ashland Oil Co. already has phased out its operations there, said David Hauck, an analyst with the Washington-based organization.
And they assert that the campaign will not be diverted by the questions surrounding the episode.
He expects further capital gains, although these will be weak and modest. The initial charge on the fund is 5.5 per cent and the annual fee is 0.5 per cent.
Owens-Illinois' 12.70% Series B senior notes, due in 1997, jumped 6 1/2 points to 114 while the company's 13.45% Series A senior notes, due in 1993, leapt 2 1/2 points to 106.
The first lawsuit filed under a new law prohibiting housing discrimination against families with children was filed Tuesday against the owners of a New Jersey apartment complex.
"The warning is pretty explicit," says Evelyn Albu, director of professional services for Schering Corp., the Schering-Plough Corp. unit that makes Afrin nasal spray.
They later were ushered into Wright's office.
The 100th Congress, ending a productive two-year run with an early morning flurry of legislative action, sent President Reagan a compromise bill providing new weapons to fight the war on drugs.
There are now only several thousand Jews in Poland.
Authorities found the boys' bodies, both with gunshot wounds, on a dirt road in a wooded area near Silver Lake in Shapleigh, Maine, state police said.
The FT-SE Mid 250 Index shed 2.2 to 3,500.2 as buyers continued to back away across the broad range of the market. A more revealing picture of the day's trading came from the official business volume figures.
In Cebu City, 350 miles southeast of Manila, police said they discovered Friday the bodies of five people who they believed were executed by rebels on suspicion of being military informers.
Members believed these earlier rulings protected them against damage suits based on their actions at news conferences, in communications with government agencies and related activities.
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS are focusing on 11 takeover-related stocks as part of the probe of alleged insider trading by three prominent arbitragers, sources said.
Short interest in OTC stocks rose 4.2% in the month ended Aug. 15, reflecting a growing pessimism about the market's larger issues.
Here is a play about the coal face, written from the inside.
As their lawyer, Hamm frequently questioned witnesses and Hamadi himself.
He adds: 'We are probably at the begining of a three- to five-year up-cycle for aluminium.'
And both governors used the occasion to call for tougher fines and possible jail terms against violators.
Britain decided to go ahead with the recommendation without waiting for the international organization to take action, said the transport spokesman who, in line with British custom, is not identified by name.
In the United States, Mr. Chen said yesterday, "we have a lot of money, a lot of talent.
Ms. Davis' clothing appeared to be second hand and most of the vehicles she drove had seen better days.
Banks and depositors should bear more of the risk now assumed by the taxpayers, a Treasury official said in outlining proposed changes to the federal deposit insurance system.
London share prices closed sharply higher in thin trading, bolstered by weekend news from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and by a healthy rise in the dollar.
But in an apparent hint that East Germany's aging leaders should soften their hard line, he urged them to work with "all forces in society" to solve the country's problems.
For a year following the catastrophe, the Armenian ministry worked with Doctors Without Borders making an inventory of the drugs.
Mr. Milken is seeking back pay and other claims against Drexel.
Survivors include his wife, Susan, five sons and two daughters.
The expected decision to renew Beijing's most-favored-nation status drew advance criticism from Democrats.
Felfe had in recent months spoken in favor of Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev's reform plans, and told Western visitors that similar reforms were needed in East Germany.
DETAILS are still coming in of special offers on dealing commissions for BT3 shares after the sell-off next month, writes Bethan Hutton.
"It's golden handcuffs," Mr. Petersen says.
They estimated the core annual inflation rate at just 3.6 percent in September and October, and said manufacturers' inventories have been well-managed.
Mr. Cohen said that Bank of New York wasn't trying to mislead investors.
A teen-age girl died four days after becoming the world's first recipient of an experimental lung device, leaving behind a newborn son and a grieving hometown but hope that similar implants will save lives.
Leo Nucci, who's singing in four operas at the Met this season, sang the title role beautifully.
The starting point was his own priceless collection of scores, bolstered by his purchase of the Stravinsky estate in 1983.
Nafsu is a member of Israel's Circassian minority of about 3,000 people, who are non-Arab Moslems.
As a result, an improvement isn't expected now before the fourth quarter.
However, arbitrage selling and liquidation of holdings by dealers amid low volume pushed prices lower, and the Nikkei hit the day's low of 15,816.04 just before the close. Volume rose slightly from 211m shares to 220m.
Lee was responding to questions by an opposition lawmaker who claimed police were using taxis for political eavesdropping in some cases.
"The big concern a year from now will be higher inflation."
Ana Quirot has had the misfortune to be Cuban in a decade when politics have been as big a factor at the Olympics as the stopwatch. Since the early 1980s she has been winning World Cups and Pan-American titles.
Hungarian officials fear that the Soviets may stop withdrawing troops until they pay a huge bill Moscow has presented.
The plane also hit and damaged two unoccupied houses.
"It's a feeding frenzy," said Butch Johnson, a fisherman in search of nets who lives in the Prince William Sound fishing community of Cordova.
John Schwensen, who is a minister, gave the eulogy.
She worked as a civil rights lawyer in Atlanta and later directed the New Haven Legal Assistance and was deputy director of the Lawyer's Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
'We should programme difficult things, special festival events. If we are doing our job well, drama will always be controversial.
All the rooms have ceiling fans, since air-conditioning was not put in when the hotel was originally built half a century ago.
Late Monday, ADN said Krenz had postponed a visit to Czechoslovakia planned for Tuesday, but it did not give a reason. Large pro-democracy demonstrations have been held in Prague.
If there is one thing that I think about every minute, it's you.
The true average cost of relocating is Pounds 25,600 according to a recent industry survey.
It is not an entirely fungible commodity, since there are various types and grades of oil, but the types and grades are widely dispersed.
Though no treatment exists for the disease, SPECT could be valuable in separating treatable types of dementia that resemble Alzheimer's from actual Alzheimer's, Bonte said.
If Mr Gonzalez fails to meet the challenge he now faces, Spain can abandon any hope of playing a fully competitive role in the economy of the new Europe.
Chrysler wants to set a minimum retirement age to keep more workers active in their prime and increase the ratio of active workers to retirees.
Pacavira said the conflicting proposals were advanced a month ago in a meeting in Brazzaville.
Imports, at $7.48 billion, were off 0.6% from the year before but up 1.3% from January.
There was speculation another bidder may surface for the company, which has agreed to be acquired for $77 a share.
The outstanding question, he said, is how great a role a driver's place of residence will continue to play in rate-setting.
But they were still looking for rates to resume an upward climb next year.
Ronald S. Godwin, senior vice president of The Washington Times Corp., praised Rothenburg's contribution during his five years as head of the paper's business affairs.
That creates a continuing demand for new products.
Sales are expected to double to about $50 million this year.
The 10 major U.S. automakers said Wednesday they sold cars and trucks at an average daily rate of 30,412 during the June 1-10 period this year, compared with a rate of 34,994 during the same time last year.
By an 8-0 vote, the court said a secured creditor's right to "adequate protection" under bankruptcy law cannot be satisified by such a promise.
The indictment will "give further credence to the perception that minority politicians don't get even-handed treatment," Wells said.
Though the total Camel franchise has been dormant, its share of filter cigarette sales grew to 3.1% last year from 2.6% in 1987.
Most pilots "would just as soon have as little contact with him as possible," says Richard Russell, a DC-10 captain and 32-year veteran at United.
Perretti said it appears several criminal laws were violated, but a decision on filing charges against Asbell would depend upon his psychiatric evaluation.
L.A. Gear cited then the same causes that it gave for Friday's announcement.
Mescallado said weather conditions in Luzon were expected to improve as Ofelia moved across the Luzon Strait separating the Philippines from Taiwan.
The shift in emphasis appears to have been provoked by Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, who last month warned he would destroy half of Israel with binary chemical weapons in response to any Israeli attack.
I had to keep ducking down to get it cool." He saw bodies float past and then was rescued.
The Westboro Conservation Commission approved the project.
And we looked _ I tasked the Treasury, upon hearing from Mrs. Chamorro, to see if there is some way to arrange a bridge loan.
Mrs. Willens joined WOAK-FM in suburban Oak Park and in 1950 married Bernard Jacobs, the station's general manager.
New plants grew by just 6% in 1990, compared with the average 23% annual growth since 1986, according to Ciemex-Wefa, an economic consulting firm in Bala Cynwyd, Pa.
Hundreds of groundworkers will join the $2.6 million campaign, the nation's largest ever, to stamp out a disease that still strikes thousands of French citizens a year.
News that a protocol was signed between the CIS and India to supply 9,000 to 10,000 tonnes of black pepper made the Indian market firmer (Dollars 1,250 cif for MG-1).
Eventually, they decided to explain discrepancies with footnotes.
"We see it as a small-investor problem," he says.
But Time Warner resisted, fearing that a debt-riddled Pathe/MGM would collapse.
Among them: less worry about inflation because of recent declines in commodity prices, and indications that the inventory build-up in the fourth quarter might not have been as big as originally estimated.
Analysts noted that most stock-index futures gave up some of their gains in the final hour of trading, but they stopped short of saying the rally had ebbed.
There is nothing wrong in that. 'Like other parts of the Civil Service, the ES rewards its staff for overall performance - everything from good timekeeping to accuracy.
"My biggest shareholders don't know who I am, let alone care whether we build a new mill in Alabama," complains Andrew Sigler, the chief executive officer of Champion International Corp.
A Todd spokesman said a meeting between the unions and Todd is scheduled for the end of April.
Significant returns were not expected until Tuesday.
Super Foods has increased the dividend for 10 consecutive years, a string that he said the board would be reluctant to break.
News reports said the weapons were put there by a Palestinian gang.
The acquisition would give Qual-Med, which owns health-maintenance organizations in six Western states, a presence in the Southeast.
And that's when we started to roll over on the right wing." Donna McGrady, one of the flight attendants, said she had her eyes open as the plane crash-landed.
In particular, the rate must increase with the riskiness of the relationship with the cardholder.
"Banks are concerned the auditors were going to come in and tell them to write these loans down," said William Brueggeman, a Goldman, Sachs & Co. research consultant.
Officials said that Mr. Garrett, like senior officials from the other services, was ordered to keep quiet about the Seawolf decision and to refrain from giving details to even his top planners.
Feb. 1 The Flint (Mich.) Journal on the State of the Union: East Europe's great Freedom Revolution of 1989 has shredded the Iron Curtain and continues to bring down walls of communist repression.
One-seventh of the voters said they had decided in the past two weeks, and 22 percent indicated they could change their minds. Another 6 percent hadn't decided yet.
Analysts have suggested that Mr. Ludmer might team up with H. Arnold Steinberg, a cousin of the feuding family and Steinberg's executive vice president, finance and development.
Those hardest hit by far were junk funds, which were roiled by debt problems at several highly leveraged companies.
American Baby is one of just a handful of magazines that use a computerized binding process known as selective binding.
Chirac was the conservative candidate and lost to President Francois Mitterrand, a Socialist who won a second seven-year term.
Catholic Europe was celebrating William's victory because it meant that England would enter the war on the side of the anti-Louis coalition.
The FNFC issue of convertible preference shares, a rescue operation, came as the consumer credit company announced a Pounds 32m pre-tax loss for the year. This, at least, was fact rather than rumour.
Even his charities are entrepreneurial.
We don't even have enough housing for our young people." On Oct. 3, the first anniversary of reunification, three local youths threw a Molotov cocktail through a ground-floor window of the Huenxe asylum home.
A recommendation that exchange rates be stabilized first, something governments can do with a minimal act of will, would have been more original, and much more helpful.
Hoover & Strong vice president Dan Pharr said he was unfamiliar with "cold fusion" research and "I wouldn't know how to comment one way or the other."
These were readily seized but traders then found that stock in the underlying blue chips had become very hard to find.
The president said "the most touching moment" of his visit was when he talked to the doctor who rescued young Julio Berumen from a crushed car.
One witness said she tried to flag the bus down because she thought the driver probably could not see the train because of a light drizzle.
Bofors is accused of paying $50 million in kickbacks to win the contract.
Authorities last week announced the seizure of nearly 100 tons of steel tubing and other parts about to be shipped out of Italy to Jordan to be transported overland from there, presumably to an assembly point near Baghdad.
Salvat was founded more than 100 years ago in Barcelona and employs about 1,500 people, including 500 in Spain and the rest in 15 other countries, mostly in Latin America.
Foreign financial institutions often use loss leaders or low-profit businesses to gain footholds in the U.S. and other countries.
This Monday is the Fourth of July.
Witnesses said the minivan's engine began racing as soon as it was started.
As previously reported, KKR has offered $90 a share in cash for 87% of RJR's stock, plus securities with an intended face value of $90 a share for the remaining 13%.
"We said we'd be willing to plead guilty to some counts as long as we didn't implicate certain people we believe were not guilty," an Eastern spokeswoman said, explaining the company's reversal.
They note that under international flight rules, a three-member crew going from the U.S. to a foreign country can fly as many as 12 hours without a rest.
I didn't try to hit the boy.
The Runnells couldn't be reached for comment.
Dual-Lite has 2,514,000 shares outstanding.
Net withdrawals from savings and loan institutions slowed by more than 50 percent in May to $2.4 billion, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board said.
Dr. Henri Bismuth, a liver transplant surgeon at Paul Brousse Hospital in Paris, reported here Tuesday that he had no choice but to divide the liver of a 40-year-old brain-dead man for two women, both unconscious and near death.
Kirkham said he never intended to run the business illegally. But his struggling operation was derailed when the sand-hauling truck he used to subsidize the fledgling waste-hauling business was wrecked.
The fibres-for-acrylics swap with DuPont flatters the underlying improvement in materials.
At the Korsnas pulp mill at Gavle on the Swedish east coast, they boast that the problem of industrial waste has almost been solved.
The fact that other close allies of Musavi won the vote of confidence indicated that a head-on clash between radicals and conservatives over Iran's postwar economic policy has been averted, at least for now.
"He can't just say what Dan Quayle thinks." Most everyone who knows him echoes one point: Dan Quayle wants to win.
This possible "trophy pricing" could hinder Mr. Traub's attempt.
"It's the perfect life style."
He has also been involved in political battles.
Mr. Shaykin is confident the Best transaction will be neatly completed and that there will be plenty of new deals despite changes in the leveraged buy-out market.
The jury must decide whether Boag spent the money out of greed, or to improve the estate by investing it to generate income.
It hopes output from Amino will serve the domestic Polish market as well as other east and central European countries.
"It would be a very foolhardy thing for me to do to go flying without knowing what caused the blackout," Root said after receiving a letter informing him of the FAA decision.
He established close ties with the leftist government of the late President Forbes Burnham and incurred the wrath of opposition parties, which accused the cult of breaking up strikes and political meetings.
"AIDS isn't just a gay disease, it's everybody's disease," the ad goes on.
The unrest involving the Solidarity trade union in Poland got its start when meat prices were raised, but the Soviet population is generally less volatile.
"We consider our results to be unsatisfactory," said Chairman Edward Finkelstein, President Mark Handler and Executive Vice President Myron Ullman in a letter addressed to Macy investors.
The Continental plan affects fares popular with both business travelers and vacationers.
Wendell Harris, an FCC official, said the deluge of attempted phone calls to the Soviet Union in the past few days demonstrated the "urgency" of expanding phone traffic between the U.S. and the Soviet Union.
Coleman, 39, a U.S. Bureau of Land Management range conservationist from Vale, Ore., said some firefighters have experienced knee and leg problems because of the steep terrain.
At the first show, Como won for best vocal performance by a male.
But even as President Bush offered his prescription for the economy in last night's State of the Union address, the growing refrain among local leaders is: "We can't wait for Washington."
On the bridge, he rolled down his window and tried to toss Mr. Prozumenshikov's $16,000 Rolex watch into the river below.
Both were hospitalized, he said.
Fidler said a memorial service would be held Thursday for Harpe at Torrejon air base, but he said he did not know when Harpe's body would be transferred to the United States for burial.
The broadcast did not say how many speculators were caught, but newspapers have been increasingly critical of "dubious people" handling distribution of medicine, food and clothing from some centers in Bucharest.
However, Keebler's margin has not exceeded 7 per cent in the past decade and sank to 2.4 per cent in the first half of last year.
(By cloning he means not egg-splitting but replicating an existing or deceased person: 'I've never met anyone in the world who is worth cloning, and that's been my stock answer for 10 years.') Another was implanting human embryos in animals.
"It's a big mess," says a congressional aide involved in the matter.
Over the next 20 years, California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country.
Playing a New Orleans cop, he pokes at a mobster's corpse that sprawls in a public fountain.
'We're looking for incremental growth on top of the brands that we've acquired', he says.
Inflation, for the moment, has been lowered.
The first 73 cars displayed the names of the crash victims. Others carried placards and cards criticizing the air controllers.
The spokesman talked to The Associated Press on the condition he not be identified.
He cites the income shares of River & Mercantile which, he says, will yield 10.88 per cent to maturity without any dividend growth. Investors should, however, always be aware of what they are buying in the income share field.
Buyers of small-company stocks say the ones coming to market are the more-established concerns.
Buyers this week snatched up the 15 contemporary pieces for $750,000 more than the pre-auction estimate.
Precious-metals stocks were left out of the market's rise as the price of gold extended its recent retreat.
The government says it will retry the three on the deadlocked charges in March.
"This has really sent a shock wave through the business community," said Renee Reymond, the NAM's chief lobbyist on the issue.
Insurers, backed by the Reagan administration, blamed the crisis on a rash of unexpected court decisions that greatly expanded their liability for certain claims.
The lunar soil would be mined to extract oxygen, which then could be turned into rocket fuel.
"This in essence closes out Industrial Equity," Mr. Hadfield said.
The freeze does not mean that the 5m public sector workers will get no pay rise, but that any increase must be paid for by improved productivity or reduced staff.
Moments after hearing about the crash, four people who lost relatives in one of the world's worst airline disasters rushed to Philadelphia International Airport to offer consolation.
The total world market for electronic equipment grew by $54 billion in 1988 to reach $461 billion, and the world market for HDTV receivers and VCRs is forecast to be less than $30 billion by 2010.
He returned to law practice after an unsuccessful campaign for state auditor in 1986.
The interest will grow to 10% over the next three years, while Bell Atlantic and Ameritech will reduce their combined stake to 49.9% through a series of stock offerings that could begin as early as next year.
The order, announced Thursday, includes five 747-400 jumbo jets; one 747-200F, a jumbo freighter; four widebody 767s; 13 midsized 757s; and 13 737-300s, a smaller twinjet.
Instead, however, it focused mostly on a single component of recreation: the "outdoor estate," or land.
Many Hungarians who fled to the West after the 1956 Soviet invasion now carry other citizenship and so do not count as refugees.
While Macmillan said it would continue discussions with all interested parties, the company also noted that it might improve the restructuring program it unveiled as a counterpoint to Bass's bid.
Thousands of blacks who normally spend their end-of-the-month paychecks shopping on Saturdays stayed away from downtown Boksburg, the first Conservative-controlled town to reimpose segregation of parks, the town hall, and public toilets.
Meanwhile, housing expenditures fell for the second consecutive quarter.
Cardinal Basil Hume, Archbishop of Westminster, suggested on BBC television the setting up of a royal commission into 'the way society is going'.
It is expected to be signed formally at the Washington peace talks, which enter their eleventh round this week. Many of the most difficult and sensitive details remain obscure.
Instead he advocates replacing Social Security with a means-test system that would reduce or deny benefits to the elderly with higher incomes.
He thinks the stock would trade "in the low 30s" but for takeover talk.
Investigators also were considering the possibility of loss of power in an engine as a cause of the sudden descent, according to the sources.
Ramon Salcido, 28, looked glum and unkempt as he entered the innocent pleas to seven counts of murder and three counts of attempted murder in connection with an April 14 crime spree through the wine country north of San Francisco.
The Spirit-Acclaim successor will be introduced sometime around 1995, Gardner said.
A debt-rescheduling accord between Poland and its foreign bank creditors, already held up over several points, may be further delayed because banks recently granted Yugoslavia more-favorable terms, banking sources said.
I relish the masters of "nonsense" (the likes of Lewis Carroll or Edward Lear), which at its best is a fanciful form of sense.
Banc One stock closed at $22, up 37.5 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.
"There was a failure of the dollar to follow through on the down side," said Bob Morrissey, a senior trader at the Bank of Boston's New York office.
The last ABC-Washington Post poll, with results from Saturday through Monday, had it 32 to 30 for Dole; the Boston Globe had it 31-30 for Bush, and the Boston Herald-WBZ poll had it 32-30 for Bush.
With the global telecoms business in flux, it seems C and W wanted a partner.
"I'd estimate there was about 60 feet of rubber.
The West German government said no evidence supports those reports.
Rodriguez arrived at Congress for the inauguration ceremony in an open convertible led by 21 flag-bearing horsemen.
Thomas M. Egan, president and chief executive officer of Stotler Group, said the company had been in negotiations with the creditors in efforts to reach a solution.
That was the turning point."
In Leningrad, Mr. Yurchenko, the restaurant manager, established the first independent labor union officially registered in the Soviet Union.
Yields six-month bills edged down to 7.77 percent as the discount dipped 1 basis point to 7.39 percent.
In a leveraged buyout, a company is acquired mainly with borrowed funds that are repaid with the target company's cash flow or by the sale of its assets.
The test subjects only could detect the odorant at high concentrations that for most people would be unbearable.
He might be present at a later stage to meet with top Chinese government officials like Deng Xiao Ping, but not now," the spokesman said.
"For Mr. van Heerden, the road from his office to New York is shorter than the road from his office to the president's office," says Peter Vale, the director of the Institute of Social and Economic Research at South Africa's Rhodes University.
Cullinet has reported quarterly losses for more than two years, but Mr. Tamke said that he expects the software maker to "deliver sustained profitability beginning in the third quarter."
One investor said that S.B. Lewis has about $150 million in capital; the government is seeking $5.5 million in fines from the firm.
The submachine gun is considered secondary firepower.
For the three months ended April 3, Raytheon said net income totaled $113.3 million, or $1.68 a share, on sales of $1.95 billion.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Cleveland-Cliffs closed at $13.75 a share, down 50 cents.
Judge Bork seemed disturbed by that, said one observer of the oral argument.
Merrill Lynch & Co. will be lead manager for the issue, which is due to be priced Tuesday.
William Griggs, economist at Griggs & Santow Inc., said bond investors appear to be paying little attention to the Commodity Research Bureau's futures index lately.
Flood watches were posted for parts of southern New England, southeast New York, including New York City, northern New Jersey and the Philadelphia area.
The company's chief executive officer, Eric Parker, said Trafalgar doesn't expect to be greatly affected by the recent turmoil on financial markets.
Bank of New York's hostile takeover bid for Irving Bank Corp. is being interrupted for 10 days on a federal judge's orders.
"We didn't want this country paying into the bank so that the Poles could borrow money to pay Germany," said Rep. David R. Obey, who has major responsibility in Congress for international finance.
U.S. strategists have concerns, too.
Suddenly, the sled crashes through, water splashing over the side.
Mr. Smith added that, despite respectable trading at the group's Rover auto unit, the car market "remains difficult," forcing production and labor cutbacks.
Richard Oberlander of Pittsburgh is one of those.
Inflation might be the No. 1 issue with the Fed chairman, but closing that deficit is No. 1 with other groups, including some in the White House.
Others didn't see it that way.
Both measures are aimed at those who leave the government and then immediately lobby their former colleagues _ usually on issues with which they were involved.
A Mexican police officer was arraigned Friday in the 1985 torture-murder of U.S. drug agent Enrique Camarena.
Hill accepted a position with Judge Thomas when he moved to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
You've got competition around the world." Japan's occupation of China in World War II has left "real scars" even a half-century later, Lord said.
He points to the New York Post, a rival tabloid where unions made extensive wage-and-hour concessions earlier this year.
To calm those fears, Mr. Alberthal traveled to Washington to meet with executives of the unit's government systems group, where most of the eight executives who defected to Mr. Perot had worked.
And Ford last fall began selling Lincoln Town Cars equipped with a new V-8 engine, the first of a family of "modular" engines for fullsized and midsized cars.
The White House said it was heard on ships in the area.
As a result, Westworld said it will incur a "very substantial" charge when it reports fourth-quarter results.
BRADWELL, a quiet village near Southend-on-Sea, is particularly quiet this month.
The incumbent Social Democrats, or SPD, won 45%, a strong recovery from the 41.7% they won in the November election that resulted in a deadlock with the opposition Christian Democrats.
But some industry analysts said the truck pact is Toyota's first step toward local production of passenger cars in Europe.
In 1947, then-Soviet deputy foreign minister Andrei Vyshinsky said that "Wallenberg is not in the Soviet Union," and that "He is unknown to us."
U.S. officials said the teams brought heavy equipment to Cabanatuan to remove tons of debris.
The only previous excavation of Birka was conducted 100 years ago by Hjalmar Stolpe, a zoologist who came in search of insect fossils in 1871 and stayed 24 years to dig up many of the 2,500 Viking age graves.
Countries outside the program account for more that 34% of U.S. steel imports, the trade group said.
The 26 teams took in a record $1,241,059,000 in 1989, a 23 percent increase from the previous season.
At least one analyst was skeptical about the Amax announcement.
In the early 1980s, Mr. Whitfield was managing Apple Computer Co.'s Macintosh ad campaign and saw firsthand the enormous sums spent on ads that got shelved after a few months.
Some call taxol the most promising new chemotherapy to appear in a decade, and many are eager to study it.
Among them is to switch the affiliation to WCIX, which CBS has an option to purchase for a relatively lower price, or to move it to the current NBC affiliate in the market, WSVN.
If so, unless they sell it, they will receive only a surrender value, which is worked out using a different set of calculations from the bonuses which make up the pay-outs on a conventional policy.
"This is certainly not a question of whether or not kids should work, but a question of how much they should work," Prof.
BZW's Ecu100m issue for Swedish Export Credit, fully fungible with an existing Ecu400m of bonds due in February 1994, was widely seen as tightly priced - though it was offered at five basis points above the similar deal from OKB at the end of last week.
They fell 3.2 percent in the Midwest to 900,000 units and were off 2.8 percent in the South to 1.38 million units.
We will miss him greatly." Smith took over as worldwide publisher at Newsweek in September 1988 after running the international division for five years.
"Quayle is going to go after the top of the ticket.
U.S. officials in Washington said he might give a speech there.
It was the 101st day of the inconclusive showdown between Aoun and Geagea for control of the 310-square-mile Christian enclave.
His tough, pulpy literature was filled with neurotics, psychotics and con men trying to paper over their nowhere lives with big schemes.
St. Mary's, a sprawling 347-bed institution that sits across from an abandoned brass factory that will soon be razed, is just completing a $19 million expansion project.
Neither side in this issue and debate would ever disagree on the physiological facts.
They said police commanders were responsible for the deaths because they ordered a raid on the campus.
He saw no action in the war.
A foie gras week, she suggests, ought to include hands-on experience at making foie gras and confits in the farmhouse kitchen of a small duck producer she knows, and learning to cook dishes using both confits and fresh duck.
Many took days off work on Friday.
The Companies Act requires all companies to have their accounts audited.
Just as the October 1987 "meltdown" in the stock market did not produce an economic recession (as we correctly predicted at the time), so the present strength in the stock market does not necessarily mean that the economy will avoid recession.
Under terms of the plan, the company would exchange up to $530 million in principal amount of outstanding debt for new debt securities and common stock.
A "Romeo and Juliet" couple married for 53 years died together in their nursing home room on the same night.
To the outside world, not much has changed. Will Rawlins still be there, making optimistic projections, next year?
A tremendous amount (of future research) will be built on it."
Another is history: Jackson, who has found support from whites elusive, did his best on that score in his 1984 campaign with California whites.
NBC, a unit of General Electric, is expected to win smaller increases.
In trading yesterday, crude oil for August delivery settled at $21.65 a barrel, up 18 cents, on the New York Merc.
In addition, to make acceptance of the exit bonds more attractive, Brazil plans to propose that these bonds should offer a competitive yield, would rank as senior Brazilian debt and could be used to make debt-equity swaps, the official said.
Although he wouldn't specify the size of the order, he said it "wasn't beyond the range of an ordinary operation," adding that 200 to 300 contracts isn't unusual.
Bush had sought $4.6 billion in the budget for two of the bat-winged planes next year and advanced procurement of parts for six more in the following year.
Many observers said it's clear that if Mr. De Benedetti doesn't attract some Belgian partners, it would be difficult for him to succeed in gaining control of Generale de Belgique.
All 23 Democratic presidential delegates will be selected Saturday at county conventions throughout the state.
Mr. Schroth said yesterday's offering and a recent $100 million issue by the Export-Import Bank of Japan are part of an effort by Japanese issuers to increase visibility in U.S. credit markets.
They took him to Lincoln Hospital, where he was pronounced dead a short time later, she said.
Technically, freedom of the press was guaranteed by a declaration in the Soviet Constitution, but the new law is the first to spell out detailed guarantees of press freedoms.
Wool fetched the highest prices at auction for 18 months last week, thanks to a shortfall in supply, a rise in overseas demand and a sharply lower Kiwi dollar. The market indicator was 494 cents (153p) - 25 per cent up from early last month.
Fitch downgraded the utility's rating on $800 million in first-mortgage bonds to A from AA.
"It's a landmark decision because discrimination against Hispanics in this society is pervasive," said Antonio Silva, co-counsel for the agents in the class action suit.
People putting in their two cents.
Israel occupies a border strip in south Lebanon as a buffer zone against cross-border raids by Palestinian guerrillas.
She said she wanted to sell the pig for cash to buy feed for the other animals.
Overhead charges, also known as indirect costs, have been the subject of much debate in academic circles, amid federal budget austerity and declining support for university research in general.
The stock ownership plan, authorized by the board of directors in July, will supplement an existing retirement and savings plan.
Sometimes I do more, sometimes a little less," says Mr. Ross.
Hungarian government spokesman Zsolt Bajnok told reporters "a few days are still required" before the East Germans can be released, but he refuse to be more specific.
And why the attention given to its decision to cut the final dividend by 3p to 5p per share?
"Because feedstocks of natural gas are more widely distributed, even greater price competition would result in this case," it said.
Earlier in the day, prices for North Sea Brent fell by 65 cents to 70 cents a barrel on European spot markets, with some cargoes trading below $13 a barrel.
Car makers enjoyed a day of gains.
Both it and the building societies emphasised that the decision did not reflect dissatisfaction with the working relationship.
Yet now, as Congress moves toward raising the $3.35-an-hour minimum wage for the first time since 1981, the battle rages just as hot and heavy as ever.
The company said it would reduce the work force at its main Wisconsin plants by about 400 people, which is about 7% of overall employment but 18% of its manufacturing personnel.
Syrian gunners lobbed shells at two Christian harbors Thursday, killing at least two people hours after Arab League envoys called a new cease-fire to halt two months of fierce artillery battles.
'But for my money I'd prefer it this way, to have it out in the open.
Twenty years ago, Connecticut lawmakers approved a statewide income tax, only to reverse direction in the face of voter revolt and quickly repeal it.
Nickerson said that within the next 15 days Hertz must deposit $13.7 million into a special fund to be disbursed to individuals and insurance companies that were overcharged.
Two executives of Tokyo Aircraft Instrument Co. resigned from their managerial posts because one of their subordinates allegedly sold information to Soviet officials between April 1986 and July 1987, a company spokesman said.
Says the J.K. Lasser Institute in its annual publication Your Income Tax: "If your return is audited, you will have to prove that the casualty occurred and the amount of the loss.
Legislation that advocates say would give Idaho the nation's toughest anti-abortion law cleared a state Senate committee Friday and was headed for final legislative vote.
Perhaps it should be. Still on the subject of personalised number plates, I see that Ken Warren, Conservative MP for Hastings, owns MP 1066.
Second, she said, "We are down to problems in this country that can only be resolved by some group giving up something for another. For a long time we solved problems by putting new money on the table.
And if I win it will be a mainstream mandate."
The members of the group, he says, "seemed like a family."
Like Rocky Mountain's Chemical-Free TenderCare diaper, the new product does not contain chemical polymer salts used by other manufacturers in disposable diapers to absorb wetness.
Zaretsky stressed in his report that his conclusions were tentative and based on an as-yet uncompleted examination of Revco's problems.
Its 6,000-man 7th Armored Division, known as the Desert Rats, has trained with U.S. troops in Germany during NATO maneuvers.
Be sure to ask not only about regular call provisions but also about any special features that can trigger early calls, advises B. Daniel Evans, president of Fitch Investors Service Inc., a credit-rating company.
She replaces 46-year-old Neil Dunford (left), who is moved to the new position of MGIM deputy chairman. Morgan Grenfell's UK pension side has long trailed behind its highly successful international investment management.
In recent years, farmers have been required to idle some land to be eligible for federal payments.
The acquisition will also include certain undisclosed fixed assets, personnel and business relationships.
This was his best effort to date at convincing an audience of world leaders of his country's (and his own) democratic credentials. The script was flawless.
"If politicians really believe in parliamentary democracy, then they should participate in this election.
Net sales of US mutual funds this year have reached Dollars 180bn, he says; during the last two months, the amount of new cash flowing into foreign funds has exceeded Dollars 1bn a week.
"Peaceable Kingdom," about a gutsy woman zookeeper who lives right on the zoo grounds with her kids and pet seal, is another one of those warm-hearted family shows that make critics cringe.
Alpha chips currently cost about $1,500 each, and thus are impractical for use in PCs, Olivetti's main business, at the moment.
That made it likely that the announcement would coincide with the board's annual National Forum, scheduled Oct. 31-Nov.
The market was encouraged by the figures and the shares rose from 327p to 334p. Blue Circle stopped shipping to the US several years ago.
There are usually no witnesses other than the child and victimizer, and there is rarely conclusive physical evidence.
Besides luxury-hotel investment and management, it also has interests in property, transportation, airline catering, food manufacturing and retailing and restaurants.
Democratic presidential candidate Walter Mondale interviewed Cisneros in 1984 about possibly running on his ticket.
Past efforts have been examinations of issues such as hunger and foreign-language education.
Despite inflation, consumers are paying less for natural gas now, on average, than in 1984.
On Monday, the Bank of France boosted interest rates to defend the franc in the face of the German unit's strength.
In some countries, the use of non-public information to profit in the financial markets is perfectly acceptable.
London cocoa prices fell as Ivory Coast arrivals continued to be higher than previously forecast.
In the house, there is a staircase that is an architectural tour de force and the whole interior of the chapel is a decorative triumph. The recent history of Wardour has not been entirely happy.
They were lured one at a time to a barn, gagged, shot and dumped in a common grave.
They're staying liquid until they decide what to do," says David Thibodeau, executive vice president of Third National Bank in Nashville, Tenn.
Stock prices retreated in a turbulent session today, running into some resistance at or near record highs.
Camarena and Reveles were booked for investigation of conspiracy to commit murder and Aleman was booked for possession of a sawed-off rifle.
He had traveled there to dedicate a shrine.
An individual familiar with the situation estimated that the value of its trading book of interest-rate options could drop by as much as $30 million.
We now see that you need the process first.
The local is seeking enhanced pension benefits and retirement, including full benefits, at 55 years of age.
A Boston company and seven men were indicted on federal fraud charges in connection with a scheme to collect "advance fees" from borrowers seeking loans that were never provided.
He wants the Strasbourg assembly to have rights in EU decisions almost equal to the Council of Ministers.
In Rupert, with a population just over 600, many feel the real issue on the ballot has more to do with the local family feud than the issue of wet versus dry.
The ponds are enclosed by chain-link fences topped with razor wire and reinforced with small mesh at the base to keep out animals large and small.
Club president A. Sanford Miles, who called the suit a "David and Goliath" conflict, said money was not the issue in the lawsuit.
Car production in July rose 2.8% from a year earlier to 919,411 units, led by a 24% surge in production of medium-sized cars.
IMF contributions determine members' voting power and provide resources for loans to developing nations.
OHA receives money from the state and from income derived from trust lands turned over to Hawaii by the federal government upon statehood in 1959.
It said journalists who wrote the stories didn't want their names used for fear of gangland retribution.
And, according to OECD figures, its total GDP amounted to $359 billion, far short of its economic rival's $450 billion.
I know what you've done.
We've got a sincere problem." There have been other financial crises that forced cutbacks.
In 1980 the government spent $265 million on this program.
Heflin said NASA considered the problem serious because it went undetected before Discovery was launched.
Friends and aides say Mr. Reagan has developed a passionate belief that the limit sapped his power halfway through his second term and that it must be repealed if the country hopes to have truly effective leaders.
He said it would cost only $700 to connect to the corner tap, and that district commissioners offered to come out on their own time and dig the ditch.
Both companies make pressure-measurement systems used primarily by semiconductor makers.
Warner Communications Inc. said Monday that its earnings rose 22.3 percent in the second quarter, boosted by record profits in its film, music and cable broadcasting divisions.
Administration officials didn't rule out military action against Libya, but they suggested it isn't likely.
Tension rose in early August after the assassination by unidentified gunmen of Pakistani Shiite leader Arif Hussain al-Hussaini in the northwest frontier city of Peshawar.
But she warns of many reproductions and modern bottles that won't appreciate: "If you're just starting in this, buyer beware." FREDDIE MAC'S BACK to help bail out a New York co-op.
"A federal sentence has to be served in a federal facility," she said.
Thirty-seven passengers were aboard the Houston-to-Dallas train when the accident occurred near Waller, about 40 miles northwest of Houston, Southern Pacific Railroad spokesman Jim Johnson said.
But on a recent Sunday, his pattern changed radically.
Many come from troubled backgrounds.
In Reno, even thick-furred Malamute dogs balked at going outside.
The FAA is spending millions of dollars on bomb detection.
Tokyo share prices staged a moderate rally in the afternoon session to erase most of the morning's losses, but the buying interest was narrowly focused and the broad market closed mixed.
But authorities were looking into reports a prisoner threw paint thinner during a fight inside the ward and another inmate ignited the thinner to start the fire, Garza said.
"I think it is they who make the most major changes, and reduce the probabilities of an event such as last October recurring."
He is a distinguished-looking, gray-haired man, and he dresses in conservative blue suits.
Movie mogul Raymond Chow recalls his initial response to a suggestion he produce a film called "Teen-Age Mutant Ninja Turtles." "It's quite impossible!
Against this background, Mr. Baeza must prove that a monopoly government can be good government.
Barricada reported the altercation.
Except for two World War II Japanese battleships and the current Navy aircraft carriers, the 58,000-ton ships of the Iowa class are the largest warships in the world.
"Since the best quality track is usually found on lines connecting and traversing large population centers, the Energy Department is generally forced to choose between using higher quality track and avoiding high population areas," the report said.
"I would strongly hope that this issue can be put to rest" as a result of the report, said Suzanne Dilk, a former senior analyst with the Social Security Administration and one of four experts on the study panel.
The police department schedule doesn't reveal any "boxheads" like the three columnists who showed up in Atlanta with boxes on their heads to prove the media would make a story out of anything.
Fortunately, it all worked out.
Most think that Europeans realize they must make changes to compete against the Japanese and the U.S.
About 14,000 other U.S. troops participated in the invasion last year, but all those soldiers were withdrawn.
The sharp reduction in coking coal prices agreed between Japan and its Canadian and Australian suppliers has been followed by an even bigger cut on the European market.
The New York Stock Exchange hasn't said when it will allow program traders to resume regular use of the DOT system.
Eyeing the general election, he hopes to reinforce the "traditional values" advantage that GOP candidates have enjoyed over Democrats for a generation.
Seidman "suggested the name of Bill Taylor, who we're very high on, to take his responsibilities," Bush said.
Experts said people should talk about the experience and use jokes to relieve stress.
Wednesday's rejection of the $63.50-a-share offer came the same day that a Chancery Court judge in Delaware gave Holly Farms permission to ask its shareholders on April 14 to approve a friendly merger with ConAgra Inc. of Omaha, Neb.
The incident occurred shortly before midnight Thursday at the Air Defense Artillery Group 101 in Ciudadela, 12 miles west of the capital, the office of the chief of staff said in a brief communique.
But from internal figures, based on what OPEC members reported, the secretariat's second list calculated production for July at 17.4 million barrels a day and for August at 17.8 million barrels a day.
Mr. Greenspan also rejected the suggestion that this year's weakness in commodity prices, and strength in bond prices and the dollar, signaled that Fed policy is too tight.
The more than a billion third-party reports filed in 1990 included 225 million on withheld taxes; matched with returns, they led to $3.5 billion in IRS claims for added taxes and penalties.
"U.S. companies are aggressively pursuing opportunities in the Japanese market," the trade group said.
But Mr. Aaron, among others, continues to insist that the data are inconclusive.
"There's a life cycle to these things," said Vic Miller, who advises governors and legislators on federal grants.
At the Utah gathering, tribal leaders said they hope their alliance will lead to a summit with President Bush where concerns over federal encroachment into tribal sovereignty could be discussed.
Nevertheless, the preliminary conclusions of the Concorde trial seem discouraging. A recent article in the British Medical Journal supports Wellcome's view that changes in protocol make any meaningful analysis difficult.
The deficit was thereby only cut from 13.3 per cent of GDP to 6.3 per cent.
MDI Mobile Data International Inc. said shareholders re-elected the company's board despite a challenge from a dissident group opposed to a takeover of the company by Motorola Inc., Schaumburg, Ill.
The 40th birthday festivities kicked off at the Super Bowl in New Orleans in January with a halftime show featuring the Peanuts characters.
Niederberger, who got off the train half an hour earlier and called the transit authority to report the driver, said his warnings were handled too slowly to prevent the accident.
This is union "brotherhood" at its worst.
A NASA doctor caused the cancellation of plans to have President Nixon have dinner with the Apollo 11 astronauts before the launch of that first moon-landing mission.
Mrs. Whitmire set a special council session for Friday to discuss a resolution against racist remarks.
Perhaps Wednesday would have provided it.
Gerstner's accomplishments speak for themselves," he says.
A Bush administration report to Congress complains in unmistakable terms about human rights abuses in China following last year's crackdown on the pro-democracy movement there, according to sources who have seen the document.
"Our level of confidence will drive how big a bet we'll make," says Kenneth Gregory, a principal in the firm.
Rebels are slowly advancing from suburb to suburb of this capital, where an atmosphere of fear and lawlessness prevails along with expectations President Samuel Doe will soon take flight.
But Shamir himself has suggested that the Israeli threshold for moving into Jordan may be lower than the officially stated policy.
Qintex Entertainment Inc., a television production and distribution firm, will sell its operating assets for more than $65 million in two transactions, it was announced today.
"Our government is set on finding a political solution to the conflict," Cristiani said Friday. "There is no use for a military solution.
The recession, which began in mid-1992, has yet to bottom out.
A surprising number of people cannot remember.
(See Observer) The Treasury has a new mastermind for its efforts to attract private capital into the provision of public services.
The Legislature last December approved an additional $35 million for the program.
Nicor said gas distribution expenditures will rise by $10 million.
For the one great lesson of the war is that the conventional defense of Europe is inadequate and that, therefore, the nuclear threshold is unacceptably low.
I was about to step forth on a dare from my editor when a spaced-out blonde weaved out of the crowd.
"Things are looking pretty good," says John Canning, a senior executive at First Chicago Corp., a longtime KKR investor.
BA/CA-Poland S.A. is also very active in corporate and retail banking, as well as in treasury and capital markets.
Thirty years later, in 1764, the monks produced the milder green liqueur based on the elixir, and this is their main product today. The elixir itself is still available.
Since Midas, perhaps since Adam, the consequences of risky business have been spurned to the peril of those who dare to pursue happiness a little too voraciously.
On the root cause of homelessness, 45 percent said society mainly is at fault and 33 percent said the homeless themselves are chiefly to blame.
Donna Alston, a spokeswoman for Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, said 568 of the authority's 1,510 buses are lift-equipped.
The House agreed to a seven-month extension of the program that allows some illegal aliens to apply for legal residence.
New homes must be at least 3 feet above the 100-year flood plain.
Foreign ownership of U.S. airlines raises concerns about national security, competition and bilateral negotiations on international routes, Skinner has said.
The inmates did demand that there be no prosecution for any crimes committed during the riot, but state officials refused.
All seven have held top positions in anti-apartheid groups around Port Elizabeth, one of the most militant black areas in the country.
Only Japan (34.7) and Germany (16) are more expensive.
"That's like you telling me the guy down the street is going to assemble the F-14 fighter.
The proposal was finely balanced, matching US concessions in zinc with Japanese tariff cuts in copper.
"When I first met him, he was interested in any business that walked.
Audubon filters out 80 per cent.
"The picture is one we're constantly evaluating, and if we find we're falling short within an area we know we can do better, we're going to be seeking those additional funds," he said.
Instead it suggests an annual shortfall of Pounds 200m a year. The report yesterday provided the basis of an angry condemnation by the British Medical Association of the closure plans.
However, the company said fewer than 75% of the notes, due in 2001, were tendered under the offer.
These were fed grain for 10 to 13 months.
In January 1989 Lloyds led the way and the others soon followed.
By acquiring such companies and their trademarks, analysts say, Playmates would be able to market existing products under its own name.
The 21-year-old survivor, who suffered burns and an ankle injury, was in stable condition at Boulder Community Hospital on Saturday night, according to a statement by the Boulder County Sheriff's Department.
Purchases by that group, if made with Guinness or Morgan Grenfell backing or with an agreement to protect the purchasers from a later price drop, could be a violation of takeover code or even British company law.
GM said the buybacks would have the effect of "increasing participation in the net income of EDS and GMHE by the holders of (regular) common stock."
Even in New York, where a new scam comes along about as often as a puff of pollution from New Jersey, this is one for the books: They're scalping lox.
These are much bigger than their Polaris predecessors. Most of the work would be done at other docks.
In the short term the only way to make large cuts in public expenditures - barring a wages freeze on which the prime minister remains a little vague - is through cuts in capital investment in projects.
The legislation is given good prospects for winning House approval, but it faces tough going in the Senate.
All three paintings taken from Amsterdam's Municipal Museum last month were recovered undamaged, according to police spokesman Klaas Wilting.
In state stores, where prices are lower but the stock phrase is "Nie ma" _ "There is none _ beef is almost never seen.
He and his wife, Theda, wanted to stay in Atlanta.
Among the most significant of those events are the sudden spike in the price of oil and the looming possibility of a recession soon.
The company also said it has instituted a claims procedure for reimbursing back pay.
Afternoon temperatures also were generally in the upper 80s and 90s from southern Texas to the southern half of the Atlantic Coast.
Paper and chemicals concern Feldmuehle-Nobel shed 3.20 marks to 271.80, adjusted for the payout of a 10-mark dividend.
The Soviets have an estimated 355 Backfires now, according to the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a London-based think tank.
In this tense atmosphere, wild rumors abounded.
Jackson said Monday he could conceive of situations where he would grant safe passage to hostage-takers, saying "I choose negotiation over blind bloody confrontation."
Hanson was the third busiest stock option, trading 1,030 contracts.
Sophisticated investors argue that income-seekers often would do better to aim for capital growth instead.
The minimum initial investment is $1 million.
"When I first came here, live whales cost Newfoundland fishermen over $1 million a year from lost or damaged nets and all," Beamish says. "And now tourism probably brings in $1 million a year to the island.
Once the gene has been identified, researchers can begin figuring out its function and then start searching for possible therapy.
But she still spends plenty of time at the stove.
She had previously worked with Bochco on the short-lived series about a minor-league baseball team, "Bay City Blues."
The key documents involved generally were Defense Department five-year spending plans.
He said his client's guilty plea referred only to the fact that he neglected to tell investors that he was permanently barred in 1955 from selling securities in New York state.
Mr. Threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months, with declining use being the result.
Dixon said he had been notified by the singer's promotion company, TCC Productions of Encino, Calif., that Jackson's illness progressed Monday to laryngitis.
In the last 13 years there has been one escape.
Christian sources said the embassy siege was designed by Aoun to whip up anti-American sentiment among Christians inside and outside Lebanon, to bring pressure on the United States.
The movie still has a strong cult following.
Swingle speculated the whale may have been in shallow water feeding on fish.
About 60,000 have been issued.
It provides for both criminal and civil prosecution and carries penalties of up to $50,000 for each day of violation and imprisonment of up to six months.
In February, the company posted a six-month loss of 2.9 million pounds, or $4.9 million.
The French daily Le Monde said the Soviets told Palestinian leaders that making their move before the Nov. 1 vote could benefit candidates of the Israeli right.
They presented a chart showing the fund would be $193 million in the red by 1995 unless a down payment were required and the loan origination fee raised.
At the Port Isabel Service Processing Center, where an influx of asylum applicants was expected, giant tents were pitched to house detainees and dozens of typewriters were shipped to process applications.
But the Dec. 1 rate of lay averaged 68.8 eggs per 100 birds, compared with 68.5 eggs a year earlier, the board said in its recent report.
Some 650,000 younger West Germans began learning trade skills this year, down from a peak of 706,000 in 1986.
Bankers Trust New York and J.P. Morgan declined to say whether they would risk a confrontation with the Fed by applying to the state for approval to set up securities units.
Only yesterday, the US Customs confirmed it was investigating whether export laws were violated in a 1985 sale of Thomson lasers to Iraq.
By today, the winds had dropped by nearly half and the Brisbane Weather Office said the storm was no longer a major threat to coast communities.
The company is also considering expanding into the warehousing business.
The Agency for International Development also will maximize its support for foreign capital projects, the administration said in its report to Congress.
"The Bush-Cheney budget proposal, even after Kuwait, proposes devastating cuts," Mr. Aseritis notes.
Boyd told the Saint Paul (Minn.) Pioneer Press that the loan follows a precedent established in 1987 when Boeing Co. bought $700 million in convertible notes from Allegis, then the parent company to United Airlines, as part of a jet sale.
GW Utilities, which has interests in oil production and transportation, paid a special dividend of C$10 a share, or C$393 million, in January following the sale of its 82% stake in Consumers Gas Ltd. to British Gas PLC.
Regulators picked Banc One Corp. of Columbus, Ohio, the nation's 25th largest banking company, from among six firms bidding to take over the insolvent banks with $13.1 billion in assets.
Mr. Brooke's departure was unexpected, some employees said.
And he has his own fan club with more than 5,000 members.
"We fell slightly short in the second year, and by the third year, it was clear revenue growth couldn't sustain publishing," says Mr. Jennings.
The new directors are Christopher Skase, chairman of Qintex Ltd., and two other senior Qintex officers, Robert Campbell and Richard Capps.
But 10 patients of the 56 who received a placebo developed the disease.
Libya was accused of using chemical weapons in a war against Chad.
The inspectors say: 'That company had no assets to meet such a liability.' They also criticise a 'comfort letter' from Blyth Dutton, Norton's solicitors.
"Whether the economy is moving out of recession into a recovery is a question of diminishing importance right now," Mr. Gross said.
I think that's why it was very hard to realize that it was closing.
A stack of tortillas, the mainstay of the Mexican diet, can still be bought for about a nickel a pound, and the prices of milk, gasoline and a host of other products haven't changed much.
NATURAL GAS The Supreme Court, in a decision the Reagan administration says could save consumers an estimated $100 million a year, cleared the way today for price deregulation of some natural gas.
The problem, said Mr. Rittereiser, was that brochures used to sell the product created the impression that the bonds always would sell at par, suggesting that there was little risk to principal.
Both institutions said they plan to reach agreement on terms of the transaction within 45 days and have agreed not to negotiate with other parties during that period.
Thirteen months later and 3,200 miles away, the Valdez oil spill again will wash over the nation's largest oil company Wednesday as shareholders consider six environmental proposals seeking to make Exxon Corp. more ecologically responsive.
Martech played a role in the Exxon Valdez oil cleanup.
The report concludes that "our vast investment in El Salvador has brought neither peace nor political stability nor a sound economy.
It is estimated that the entire Superfund cleanup bill may reach $500 billion.
DECIDES, as a consequence, to take the following measure to secure compliance of Iraq with operative paragraph 2 and to restore the authority of the legitimate Government of Kuwait; 3.
He might also have some diplomatic tips.
Also since the accident, both the Directors Guild and the Screen Actors Guild set up 24-hour hotlines to answer questions on safety issues on a movie set.
Every action incites a reaction.
"It won't stay out of our business.
Also on trial is Saudi financier Adnan Khashoggi, who is accused of helping the Marcoses conceal a series of New York real estate deals allegedly financed in part with money stolen from the Philippine treasury.
He noted that on Sept. 22, the Sandinista government required that American diplomats based in Nicaragua who leave the country, for whatever reason, must wait three weeks before they are allowed to re-enter Nicaragua.
Saturday's London violence was the worst since September 1985, when crowds of young blacks and some whites clashed with police in the northern industrial city of Birmingham.
The Whitneys discovered the bats when Bill peeked into the attic and saw foot-high mounds of bat guano.
"My guess is, it'll increase the numbers" of Armenians seeking to come to the United States, McNary said at a news conference.
But he added that the talks have also included all the other major software and hardware players in workstations, including Sun, Motorola Inc. and Intel Corp.
The group now holds 343,900 shares in the Basking Ridge, N.J., package-delivery and auto-parts company.
Sales probably climbed 0.1% last month after rising 0.7% in September, while industrial production was probably unchanged after increasing 0.1%, some economists say.
But the numbers lie, said one congressional military expert.
UAL (NYSE; Symbol: UAL) Business: Airlines, hotels and car and truck rentals.
This year's shipments, primarily from Australia and New Zealand but also more than a dozen other countries, are forecast at 2.08 billion pounds, nearly twice the amount of exports.
The company has 54 million Canadian dollars (US$47.9 million) in Series B preferred outstanding.
On Sunday, he co-authored a piece alleging that Mr. Maxwell planned to fake his death and escape with millions siphoned from his empire.
The approval followed a three-day hearing last week during which Judge Barry Schermer considered the merits of competing offers by Horsham's AOC Acquisition Corp. unit and Getty Petroleum Corp., of Jericho, N.Y.
I had not seen this before and thought it very distinctive.
Defense Minister Horacion Jaunarena accepted an invitation, delivered by Shultz from U.S. Defense Secretary Frank Carlucci, to visit the United States this fall.
Basil also has a growing following.
She said it would be corrected in any future editions.
New government data that suggested the pace of economic growth is slowing had little impact on the stock market.
"He is the governor of our state and I have respect for him in that position and I'm sorry that the man doesn't understand what my philosophy is," Duke said. "He's operating on what he perceives my philosophy was 10 years ago or 15 years ago.
Donovan's life work is art usually seen at a great distance in a fleeting glance from a car window.
Earnings for the quarter ended Jan. 31 rose to $253 million, or $3.38 a share, from $224 million, or $3 a share, last year.
The realignment, announced Tuesday, indicated that Mahathir intends to isolate party opponents from the Kuala Lumpur government.
He says other investors include technicians from TRW, General Motors Corp.'s Hughes Aircraft division and McDonnell Douglas.
A few policemen kept their distance and made no attempt to disperse the demonstrators.
Still, when she delves into politics, she tries not to let personal views show.
Mr. Bryan can't afford any mistakes as he undertakes something rare in Britain: A bitter, U.S.-style proxy contest.
A year ago, for example, none foresaw the devastating drought that swept across much of the nation in the spring of 1988 or the economic grief it caused for hard-pressed farmers trying to recover from earlier financial troubles.
As in the case of Gillette, he contends that the Vikings' management, too, is running the team largely for its own gain.
The plan would end uncertainty about health insurance by guaranteeing all Americans access to care that 'could never be taken away'.
Chesley said he will ask that Chubb's records for the drought insurance be audited and that the court appoint a master to invest and pay out the money.
The request, by First City principals Richard Greenberg, Frederick Greenberg and Dan Quigley, was approved by the bank board in January 1985.
Still, a slow stock market is slow for everyone.
For example, Mazda wants Ford to build trucks for it in the U.S. that Mazda can sell in this country under its own brand name.
The four islands plan to hold a political union referendum after parliamentary elections, still unscheduled, are held in Grenada and Dominica.
Why shouldn't I be as thin-minded as the next American?
Gorbachev appealed for calm Feb. 26, but after the strife tapered off in Yerevan rioting broke out in the Azerbaijani port of Sumgait and 32 people were killed, 26 of them Armenians.
Snow continued falling today from the Pacific Northwest to the northern Rockies, northern Plains, and upper Mississippi Valley, and was expected to spread to the Great Lakes.
Expanding on this notion, Ms. Borden has asked: "What is so wrong with renting your body for two shifts a week, when the alternative is a 40-hour-a-week job that makes you so burned out all you can do is come home and watch TV at the end of the day?"
Still, the ducks ruffled feathers in Santa Rosa, Calif., when environmentalists opposed a race on the Russian River.
According to the legal situation in our country, it is a freely elected parliament, the sovereign of the people, which has to decide this question.
The law was overturned unanimously in February in a federal court decision by a three-judge panel comprising Kennedy, Carter and Reagan appointees.
After she was shot, LeRoy Frederick ran to a highway, and got the attention of a truck driver, who called police.
Interior Minister Alejandro Izaguirre warned in a national TV address that the government would not tolerate further public disorder. "Burning buses and cars, lootings and sackings of shops are not the expression of a democratic society.
The House education and labor committee approved a measure by Rep. Tony Hall, D-Ohio, to let states borrow a greater amount of next year's WIC appropriation to cover current shortages.
Members of the University of Southern California marching band offered him their helmets to wear.
Douwe Egberts is Western Europe's largest coffee marketer with more than $1 billion in annual sales.
The State Department, in turn, denies any financing problems.
Last fall, GM took a $2.1 billion charge to cover the closing of seven assembly plants in North America.
We'll let you know at the appropriate time," he said.
The new long-term bonds to be auctioned tomorrow were quoted at 8.35% bid.
Though he believes Network remains "sound," he has cut his revenue estimates for the current year to $210 million, from $230 million because of concern over the declining revenue from IBM.
In the succeeding two years, scientists have been trying to determine exactly how low cholesterol levels should be to minimize the risk of a heart attack.
Nearly half of the company's sales, or about $80 million, came from its growing NordicTrack business.
The U.S. agreement to talk with the Palestine Liberation Organization spares President-elect Bush one politically difficult decision, but gives him another arduous task: overseeing that dialogue.
In the 1940s, Skinner also invented something he thought could revolutionize child rearing _ his air crib, known less reverently as the baby box.
I know it's important to Redford." Hillerman said Redford delayed the film project at one point because he was unsatisfied with the casting.
The most recent salvos came when he hired Horrigan, a popular Post-Dispatch columnist, and won exclusive use of Knight Ridder News Service in the Sun.
"Little boys and girls play with toys and hope to grow up to build bridges _ and we do it now.
In Islam, gambling is unlawful.
"We thought we had a clear mandate," says the company's Mr. Carrigan.
More important, it means that the parts are all in the right places, doing the right jobs.
The water and the natural carbon dioxide gas that makes it bubbly are normally separated underground, then carried up separate pipes to the bottling plant, Perrier Managing Director Frederik Zimmer said.
That fact, along with our unwillingness, indeed our inability, to wear moral blinders, apparently makes us a "minority" firm.
Letting him and his family live in prison would have been more just.
Yet there it is, mysteriously inserted in the CR.
Volume was a scant 349.7 million shares, down from 396.6 million shares Tuesday.
"Wrapping wasn't important until the end of the century," said Mrs. Conlin.
Orion executives couldn't be reached.
Turkey has grossly violated human rights in Cyprus since it invaded the island in 1974, occupying 37% of its territory and forcibly uprooting some 200,000 Greek-Cypriots.
He points out that there are only 55 members.
United has agreed to pay $290 million for Pan Am's London routes, subject to approval from the U.S. Transportation Department.
Trump also said he would leave the airline's headquarters in Fort Worth.
Amalgamated, though, is bucking a strong trend.
However, Mr. Forstmann hasn't always advocated government action to curb supposed excesses in the buy-out business.
Tyco said the cables will be made by the unit for installation in 1989.
George Bush says he is "almost haunted" by the plight of inner-city children.
Czechoslovakia has ordered two British military attaches out of the country for activities "incompatible with their diplomatic status," the official news agency CTK reported today.
Manigat was elected on Jan. 17.
As the stock market took off, he financed forward trading in shares out of funds raised on the collateral of bankers' receipts - an instrument used only in India, by which a bank pledges later delivery of securities already paid for.
News that the index of leading indicators rose 0.9% and factory orders rose 3.8% in March was better than generally expected.
He also postponed from May to September a planned venture into commodity futures trading.
No fanfares for the 300 former Roman Catholic priests admitted to the Episcopal Church in the US. What is the attraction of Rome?
"The Europeans were being critical, but in fact they were complimenting President Bush.
Mauricio Diaz, president of the left-of-center Social-Christian Popular Party, initially said his party would talk with Ortega, then said a decision had not been made.
As a backup in case revenues fall short, however, some issuers pledge other taxes to repay the bonds; other issuers agree to allocate money from their budgets.
Another winner in the mining sector was Nippon Mining, up 35 to 452.
The debate over how much and how fast to cut interest rates was expected to be the primary topic today when top Fed officials gathered behind closed doors for their final monetary strategy session of 1990.
Edward Lee Cave is a real-estate broker the way Stanley Marcus is a shopkeeper.
It wasn't until 1841, when Sir James Brooke arrived in Sarawak as the first white rajah, that headhunting was outlawed.
"Luckily, I had lots of written material ready," Allen said. "Since you never know what the intermission guests will say, I don't want to anticipate or contradict them.
The dollar plunged against the Japanese yen Wednesday, while the key index on the Tokyo Stock Exchange erased early gains and fell back.
"They're behind us all the way," Mr. Smith asserts, and others agree.
ROSTENKOWSKI'S SURGERY for appendicitis further delays tax-bill action.
He has degrees in sociology and law and has spent his life working as an official in the AD. In 1989 he was elected mayor of west Caracas, Venezuela's largest municipality.
The seaside garrison was seized Thursday by eight police officers who had been fired from their jobs and ordered held in connection with a murder investigation.
Re-equipping the Reichsbahn is only part of the picture, though.
The appeals court ruled that under the Uniform Commercial Code, the confirmation slip nonetheless constituted the final expression of the deal and that no contrary evidence based on a prior agreement could be introduced in court.
The Chicago Board Options Exchange, smarting from a 50 percent downturn in options trading since the Oct. 19 stock market collapse, is trying to persuade brokers and investors to return to the market.
About half were in their 70s and 80s, and half were quite young." He found other homes for about 16 nuns, but said the four elders refused to separate from the community.
Allegheny common shares closed at $17.625, up 75 cents, on the Big Board.
Among these is the establishment of an independent review authority to take responsibility from the Home Office for investigating and referring suspect cases back to the Court of Appeal.
It's easy to see why Tonda appeals to those who shun the crowds of Rimini or Riccione.
Excluding special items, earnings per share totalled 59 cents, up 13 per cent.
It's not the first time the idea of a tunnel has confronted Britain's island identity.
Script contain not only dialogue and monologue but lighting and stage directions.
China announced Thursday it had released 211 jailed pro-democracy protesters, including several prominent academics, in a move that appeared timed to head off possible U.S. trade sanctions.
Phoenix Art Museum: "Carl Oscar Borg: A Niche in Time."
It's possible that plans for the space station may change further even before Mr. Reagan leaves office.
His early travels and appointments were set without advance word to Democrats from the state involved.
First Boston Corp.'s merger department suffered a jolt to its prestige as Farmers Group Inc. hired archrival Morgan Stanley & Co. to assist Farmers in defending a proposed takeover by Batus Inc.
Some industry analysts say the baby boomers could help boost sales by year-end to more than double the drug's 1987 world-wide sales.
"He wanted good, dry wines," the indictment said, adding that the defendants obliged him.
Negotiations began in 1986 with the objective of liberalizing trade in goods and services.
In a study at the Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, a group of laboratory rats induced to have heart attacks suffered 50 percent less cell damage after injections of transforming growth factor beta than did rats that did not receive the TGF beta.
The statement came as millions of Czechs took part in a two-hour strike to press their demands for political freedoms.
The council would comprise representatives from the government and rebels.
Quotas will be abolished in other markets, such as beach shoes and waterproof footwear. The Commission will meet Chinese officials this week.
Mautner's office said the district attorney may seek the order as early as Wednesday.
Some official sources estimated that tens of thousands, and perhaps hundreds of thousands of people, were left homeless in Bangladesh.
Hundreds were killed, and China later executed ringleaders.
JoAnne Akalaitis, earth mother of the avant-garde theater troupe Mabou Mines, was named his artistic associate.
Occidental said the 12,500-ton pile of wreckage will be inspected and mapped, and "every effort" will be made to retrieve any human remains.
She later received a second check to cover her on-campus training.
The Reagan administration has said the troops were not sent to combat against Nicaragua's Sandinista army.
"A commander doesn't abandon his ship in stormy weather." _ Noriega responding to questions about whether he would step down in the face of pressure from the United States, May 1988.
There has been no mention of casualties from either side.
Ralphs' 14% senior subordinated debentures, maturing in 2000, finished at 86 1/4, up 1/4.
It was also unclear whether the helicopters had filed necessary flight plans and whether there had been any voice communication between the fighters and the helicopters before both jets fired their missiles.
The Walsh group's bid, in a letter to the Rochester, N.Y., sportswear concern, hardly comes as a surprise.
Canon's project to develop 3-D graphics based on software rather than hardware is another example of R&D that the group felt would be better done in the UK than in Japan. The Japanese have been quick to tap the expertise of their EC partners.
"This was not taken as a first step," said police Capt.
Mellon contends that Nabisco changed its mind after the ad appeared.
What little chance there was of reaching a new accord, which blossomed simply because the 74 member nations were discussing the possibility, completely disappeared following the strong tone of a Brazilian representative's comments.
With a complete new car costing nearly Dollars 1.5bn to develop, the study says, collaboration and further outsourcing is inevitable.
Affiliates of ABC, a unit of Capital Cities/ABC Inc., had the option of bailing out after a half-hour.
The Texas Instruments machine has less memory than Compaq's LTE386s-20, but it's lighter at 5.7 pounds and has a bigger screen. In addition, the TI machine includes the DOS operating system, which costs extra on the Compaq model.
An army marches on its stomach, Napoleon supposedly remarked, but senators say a 15-page set of specifications for government issue cookies may be carrying the concern with rations too far.
The 27-member Judicial Conference of the United States voted unanimously to urge a one-year delay of the guidelines, which will take effect automatically unless Congress blocks them.
And like a sitcom, it has lots of chuckles, mostly arising around the house, as friends wander in and out.
Their yield fell to 7.780 percent from 7.810 percent.
When the chemists suspended in solution the stiff strings of carbon used in Kevlar, they found them scattered randomly, like bunches of brittle, uncooked spaghetti dropped on the floor.
The litigation commonly takes years.
'My sole preoccupation is the bottom line,' he says.
Because women are more likely to develop communal, confessional relationships, they say, there is a new flavor to collegial friendships.
Quayle was an outspoken opponent of legislation to ban the use of lie detectors in the workplace, and he complained when the White House dropped its opposition last March that it had "caved like a house of cards."
Some misinterpret his momentum as evidence of stability rather than merely as a sign of political courage.
With Democrats holding majorities in the House and Senate, the only questions seem to be how large the so-called "peace dividend" will be, and where the savings will go.
As a result, Paramount never got the chance to take its offer directly to Time's stockholders.
It therefore makes sense to resist it in a manner that preserves, and if possible promotes, the values sought to be vindicated.
Warren Greene, who runs a $12 million high-yield portfolio at his American Investors Income Fund Inc. in Greenwich, Conn., said he doesn't think it's likely anyone will bid for CenTrust's entire junk portfolio because the market is so weak.
The oil industry is a good example of what's been going on.
Mr. Boskin notes that deregulation of many American industries in the 1970s and 1980s obliterated the reporting of reams of information to regulatory agencies.
Ninety years ago, the Algoma Central Railway first pierced the Canadian hinterland.
The resolution was passed Tuesday by the AFL-CIO Executive Council, according to a statement.
PLO military chief Khalil al-Wazir was assassinated Saturday in Tunisia, and PLO leaders have blamed Israel for the attack.
Mr. Tyda remains chief operating officer.
Substantial efforts are needed to complete the formation of the single European market by the end of the year.
The company has no estimate on how long the plant would be out of service.
Volume was 483.9 million shares, down from Wednesday's 548.1 million shares.
But KKR's plan for RJR probably would lead to the sale of RJR's tobacco business.
Forty percent of the respondents younger than 45 would have liked to have attended, for example, compared with just 10 percent of the older respondents.
Elsewhere in the South, Republicans say Robertson may demonstrate a strength not detected in the polls.
They burned the rest.
Pittston dropped out of the national coal industry bargaining organization before negotiations began for the 1988 agreement, saying the company's needs were different than those of the rest of the industry.
And I want to see that determined by the alliance and keep the solid alliance position.
We have to keep much bigger alcohol stocks in case of transport problems.
For 'Voi che sapete' she had been given intricate 18th-century embellishments written by one Domenico Corri, a happy find.
By contrast, spending on cars, medicine and utility bills rose. Two signs that Japan might be near the trough of its downturn emerged yesterday with a slowdown in the pace of corporate profits decline and a slight recovery in money supply.
Mr. Mann declined to say whether he would voluntarily surrender to U.S. authorities, and he wouldn't discuss other aspects of the case.
In 1984, General Motors Corp. bought the company for $2.55 billion.
Brazil maintains it needs the trade restrictions to protect its fledgling computer industry from foreign competition.
Iraq's Saddam Hussein made a major concession to autonomy-seeking Kurds by ruling that members of the Kurdish regional legislature no longer had to swear allegiance to his Baath party.
National Security Minister Errol Anderson of Jamaica, who made the announcement, did not identify the men.
"It was a case of mistaken identity," al-Mjeni said. "Grasshoppers are attracted to light and, not surprisingly, they congregated near the governor's office which is well illuminated at night.
To achieve the increased spending will require the administration to make cuts in other programs of $38 billion.
Another orbiter is being built as a replacement for Challenger and is scheduled for its first launch in early 1992.
He denied ever having violated the rules governing his stay here.
'It all just happened after that.
In speaking of the Queen as a foreigner, Mr Keating clearly intended to make a small gesture towards Australian nationalism.
In a story in the Wednesday edition of the newspaper, Unger described his feelings after meeting two inmates in their small, bleak cell who wished to surrender.
The 75-share index closed at 3,620.77, down 6.29 on the day and down 1.2 per cent on the week.
He's known for boisterous bobbing and jumping on stage as he urges his musicians to greater heights.
He sees more than he says and moves easily between the circles of power in Washington and the more down-home ways of his constituents.
The publisher of Individual Investor magazine trailed in the one-month derby this time.
Growth has been sustained by focusing policies on improving the efficiency and flexibility of our economies and by strengthening our cooperative efforts and the coordination process.
"It is one of the points of the reform that is positive." Wilk said government policy had mandated that Autosan produce for the domestic bus market and for the Soviet Union at prices that were not profitable.
Criminal justice cannot protect the modern democratic society against the fraudster.
Estee Lauder, for example, spends only an estimated 5% of sales on advertising in the U.S., and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy.
Simone Veil's separate centrist list won 8.4 percent of the vote.
Even so, several years of tests by poultry breeders will be required before similar transgenic chickens will be laying eggs for consumers.
In turn, Mr. Schwartz served on CenTrust's board from April 1988 to August 1989.
He called it a good deal for the FSLIC, the agency that insures deposits, and for depositors.
Gearing is high and is unlikely to fall until Wace can make some significant property disposals. However, the other ratios - dividend and interest cover - look fairly comfortable.
"We're least happy with Florida.
Instead, Boskin has proposed creating a two-tiered pension system and additional incentives for more private savings for retirement.
Refined petroleum products also headed lower Friday.
For the banks, Deutsche Bank has taken up the defense of the status quo.
The protesters, including women in black chadors, also chanted slogans against the United States, France and Israel.
Separately, Macmillan disclosed that "an entity related to the Bass Group" has requested government approval to acquire more than 50 percent of Macmillan's outstanding shares.
Laryngitis caused Nancy Reagan to cancel a trip today to a Nashville, Tenn., school that a snowstorm had prevented her from visiting once before.
On Tuesday, Israeli Defense Minister Yitzhak Shamir also denied the Washington Post report that said Israeli scientists improved the guidance systems of the Chinese CSS-2 medium-range missile deployed in Saudi Arabia.
Dunphy will leave KABC-TV, his home for 14 years, upon finalization of contract details, officials at Disney-owned KHJ said Friday.
A $10,000 fee to apply for new cellular telephone licenses would raise $88 million over two years.
The loan is separate from a financing that Campeau is seeking to pay off an $800 million bridge loan made by Citibank and which is due April 1990.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials rose 2.13 to 2,033.25 in the first half hour of trading.
A native Oregonian, Mr. Kuse joined Georgia-Pacific's chemical division in 1967 as an industrial chemicals salesman.
Time and Warner originally agreed to merge in a stock-for-stock transaction but revised their merger agreement to provide for Time's tender offer after Paramount announced its first bid on June 6.
Mrs. Eggert, 34, has changed her name and taken refuge in a "safe house" for abused women.
The fighting violated a shaky cease-fire that was called May 17 to halt more than four months of intra-Christian clashes for dominance of a tiny enclave northeast of Beirut.
Specialist firms make markets in specific stocks to ensure smooth trading.
"The loss is extensive and involves almost all of the total assets of the fund," he said, according to a transcript of the videotape.
UAW President Owen Bieber said the terms were similar to those of contracts with the nation's two biggest automakers.
Much of the information has been received by the previous crew via facsimile machine or computer, so the hotline's contents are largely synchronous with newspaper and television reports.
He refused to discuss the meetings further.
As reported previously, Security Pacific Corp.'s London-based brokerage unit submitted a bid to acquire Burns Fry earlier this year.
The winners, as does happen, died in their beer.
He and Mr Charles Pasqua lead the two thirds of the RPR who say 'No' to Maastricht and tried three years ago to oust the moderately pro-treaty Mr Chirac.
But the measure would add the Senate president pro tempore to that list.
"The constitution is the one that orders me to turn over the power to the government that is elected in the elections," Ortega said.
During sentencing Tuesday, Ms. McMurray told District Judge Sam Kiser that Harris and his co-defendant, Ricky Wilson, beat her, tied her to a chair and ransacked her apartment.
Over the past year, nominal hourly wages have risen at an annual rate of 3.3 percent, compared with an inflation rate of 4 percent as measured by consumer prices.
He is strongly Christian, but believes religion and politics have to be kept apart. In spite of his 'Paddy' nickname, Sir Patrick fears his Irish background is overplayed.
The Panamanian leader has been indicted on drug charges in the United States.
July's figure for wholesale price inflation, down 1.3 per cent on the month, could signal a turning point in the German economy, reducing the need for a Lombard rate rise. When US trading opened, the good news was forgotten.
James D. Watkins, as the first career military man to head the Department of Energy, which devotes two-thirds of its budget to developing, building and testing the nation's nuclear arsenal at a network of 15 major plants in a dozen states.
Mayor Tim Smith proclaimed Monday "Carrie White Day in Palatka" and she received telephone calls from U.S. Sens. Bob Graham of Florida and David Pryor of Arkansas.
In late 1988, HUD agreed to lend partnerships connected to Associated Financial $16.5 million to rehabilitate the property.
The department proposed anti-dumping duties of 15.16 percent on Komatsu Limited; 7.49 percent on Aida Engineering Limited and 14.51 percent on all other Japanese companies manufacturing the mechanical presses.
But he didn't leave Fidelity Investments.
It also will provide rebates to customers who install various energy-saving devices such as high-efficiency motors and non-electrically driven cooling systems.
He said the bank is gradually centralizing customer credit reviews to give branch employees more time to sell its services.
Boussena said the oil producing nations would return to their quota system once the Gulf crisis ended.
By contrast, however, net new international bank lending expanded $120 billion in the second half of 1987.
He also failed to report $2.2 million of that money to the Internal Revenue Service, the indictment charges.
Mr. Buchsbaum resigned "as a result of concern for his family," Holly said.
The group, the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, is struggling to produce a treatyin time for a mid-November summit in Paris.
Outside the convention hall at the Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel, Teamsters marched through corridors waving signs for their favorite candidates and chanting campaign slogans.
A subsidiary of Australian developer Hooker Corp. said Friday that it has retained an investment adviser to consider selling, refinancing or finding partners for three of its U.S. shopping malls.
"Once they deplete their fat reserves, then they start metabolizing protein at a more extensive rate," said Glenn DelGiudice, a wildlife biologist specializing in nutrition and physiology.
They point to the wide-ranging and profitable companies they have built and argue that monopolies play only a minor role in their success.
The scheme allegedly generated more than $350 million in false tax deductions for investors.
The value of cut cultivated greens rose 9 percent to $98.8 million.
HEAVY LOSSES in a carpet subsidiary helped to depress pre-tax profits at Lamont Holdings, the Northern Ireland-based textiles company.
But the Absorption Ministry says 4,450 Soviet immigrants have left Israel since the beginning of 1991. Marina speaks good Hebrew but she has no Israeli friends and she does not feel 'Israeli'.
United spokesman Lawrence M. Nagin said the jet had undergone a complete four-day inspection 88 days before the accident, and a less intensive check Feb. 16.
Their wishes were slavishly followed.
In a recent roundtable on the subject, he said that Mr. Bush could face a tight race even if the economy improves next year.
This development has transformed the United States from the world's largest creditor nation, a position now held by Japan, to the world's largest debtor country.
At opening ceremonies Monday, Prime Minister Lynden Pindling of the Bahamas denounced the United States for what he called politically motivated intervention in certain countries.
That would have involved paying a premium for a company heavily dependent on one product and on a weak European market.
If the economy worsens, the government will lose legitimacy, making its battle against the resistance front that much harder.
The industry slump is hurting more than just stockbrokers, of course.
But if it is sluggish, you could find your capital being nibbled away.
They are besieged by the Syrians and allied forces.
The office said Lebanon would not ask for a council debate.
In fact, a lot of things are far from okay in the world of junk bonds, those corporate debt securities ranked below investment grade by credit rating services, such as Moody's.
Perhaps abortion shouldn't be used as a birth controller, but then, neither should Mr. Lawler, the state or the church.
In the document, rebel leaders reiterated earlier demands for political reforms and that the size of the military be reduced and its command structure purged of rightist officers.
Roberts will be part of the school's Public Affairs Reporting Program, which includes faculty-directed student news bureaus in Washington and Annapolis.
Voice of Lebanon, the radio station of the Christian Phalange party, said the nearness to the six-story embassy building suggested it was the target.
The major dolls will go on sale next month for $7.99 each.
The 1970 legislation creating the "independent" Postal Service called for an agency with the freedom of a public corporation to run its affairs in a businesslike manner and pay wages comparable to those in industry and the rest of government.
Taft's Entertainment Group consists of Worldvision Enterprises Inc., a distributor of television programs, and Taft Entertainment Co., which produces live-action and animated programs.
Some people were not born to live in a socialist system. Miguel is one of them.
A report by the Securities Industry Association, scheduled to be released today, says that the industry's national full-service firms, the largest seven brokers in the U.S., wracked up $678 million in pretax losses.
From my students I created an orchestra.
Paterson said he had been tentatively scheduled to leave for the Middle East on Sunday.
Stores were doing marketing individually instead of on a unified basis."
When the ratio narrows, the allure of bonds weakens because only a small gain in the stock market is needed to beat the return offered by bonds.
"I don't believe the valuation levels are justified," he says.
And Mr. Duke publicly expressed reservations about new Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas because he is married to a white woman.
He isn't worried that the shift toward Japanese business studies will end cultural studies.
Borge, a naturalized U.S. citizen who is still revered in his native land, was reported to be spending a quiet birthday at his vacation home in Christiansted, St. Croix, in the former Danish West Indies.
The grant of money to Tory party funds was confirmed to the Financial Times by a spokesman for Mr Fayed last week.
A senior Dutch banker said this week that "irresponsible" promises by Kohl to East Germans about the terms of monetary union have driven European interest rates to "absurdly" high levels.
No more so than in the President-elect's frontal assault on the leakers who threatened to undercut Mr. Bush's apparent choice as Chief of Staff.
Romania is Iran's second-largest trading partner in Eastern Europe.
The U.S. has a patchwork of privacy laws protecting such areas as video rentals and cable TV. But more-important subjects, such as medical and financial records, are still largely unregulated.
Primakov's record, however, is not untarnished.
But he said the outlook for 1989 is uncertain.
Wheelock said the cleaning revealed pink hues not previously seen in the painting, and an X-ray examination by gallery conservators showed that Rubens had painted over one figure in the lower right-hand corner of the scene.
When they trip the motion sensor, the camera takes a shot.
Shiseido Co., Japan's leading cosmetics maker, says its Australian and Singapore subsidiaries are recalling six skin care products containing an acid that one Australian researcher linked to skin cancer.
Now that mall-wandering has replaced cruising the strip as young America's favorite pastime, it seems the rules are changing.
It hardly mattered how efficiently it was run; companies could sell whatever they produced at whatever price they wanted to charge.
It has all the elements of a twangy tune at the Grand Ole Opry.
The FBI went to great lengths in 1987 to lure convicted hijacker Fawaz Younis to a yacht in international waters off Cyprus to arrest him for leading a 1985 hijacking of a Jordanian airliner carrying several U.S. citizens.
Does your policy cover you for skiing off-piste?
Thus, "insurance products are going to be more popular than ever," says Eli Warach, a tax specialist and attorney with Prentice-Hall Professional Information Group, a tax-book publisher.
We believe the real answer in both cases is "no," and there are numerous examples to reinforce our position.
The number of people with AIDS will grow dramatically as those who were infected throughout the 1980s fall sick.
With ideology playing a relatively small role in Canadian politics, voters' minds can change quickly and often. Observers point to recent experience in the province of Alberta.
Lawrence White, a Bank Board member, said the rule would discourage "gains trading," by which a thrift will book profits by selling the best securities in its portfolio without disclosing losses on the rest.
In late March, for example, when long-term Treasury bond yields stood at around 7.5% and few analysts were expecting significant increases, Mr. Levine boldly predicted rates would surge about three percentage points by year-end.
Dougherty ruled in June 1985 that the state had to fully fund programs mandated by the Legislature for people with chronic mental illness, and the order was affirmed in March 1989 by the Arizona Supreme Court.
They are staying with local families.
In this week's Spectator magazine, John Patten, the education secretary, complains that science has weakened faith and thus contributed to social malaise.
A spokeswoman for Northern States Power said the company asked the district court in Hennepin County, Minn., to resolve a contract-interpretation dispute between the two companies.
In 1939, Robert M. Hutchins, president of the University of Chicago, decreed that football was incompatible with the serious pursuit of higher education, and the U of C dropped the sport.
Late last month, OPEC increased its production ceiling to 20.5 million barrels a day for the fourth quarter.
Reimer said Monday there appears to be no outbreak of measles among the state's largest concentration of Amish in Lancaster County in southeastern Pennsylvania.
Even the sales tags that now adorn many items and the "buy one, get one free" signs across racks of merchandise don't seem to be enticing once-loyal customers.
It was a case of adapt or die, and the Catskills did a better job than areas like the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York, said Dan Lee, travel industry analyst for the investment firm Drexel Burnham.
Mirza Aslam Beg, chief of the Pakistani army, has announced that foreign military observers, including some from India, will be invited to watch the exercises.
Frustrated, Mr. Farah wrote angry letters to board members in March, insisting that they either oust the new management or step down themselves.
Forming an independent board is intended to reduce Freddie Mac's sensitivity to politics and increase its sensitivity to shareholders, who will elect 13 members.
Mr. Willson, however, said that Carrington is pursuing several other possible buyers of the unit.
Of 200 paralyzed guinea pigs implanted, 25 percent showed some movement, Borgens said.
Munford said the transaction is subject to approval by Munford shareholders at a meeting expected to be held in late summer and to other conditions, including the receipt of financing.
They also said a new airport would stimulate the city's economy.
Manuel Noriega, Panama's military leader, has been indicted on U.S. drug-trafficking charges.
Arts & Entertainment plans to continue showing the war documentaries, it says, until it gets signals that viewers are losing interest.
The combined Sunday edition will cost $1.25 statewide, up from $1.
It added that it is confident, under current market conditions, that it can arrange a syndicate of other banks to provide the balance of senior debt financing required for the bid.
He said in comments after his address that Washington should stop blocking loans by the Inter-American Development Bank to Nicaragua.
Bus drivers joined by parking their vehicles for an hour.
They asked their parents' help and sought media attention when they took the request before the school board.
He is much more popular in Congress."
Its provision for loan losses, particulary those from troubled Third World countries, rose 56 percent to $7.8 million from $5 million.
Working through the night under portable floodlights, they used dogs and sensitive microphones to hunt for victims.
But several OPEC countries, led by Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, are together pumping at least a million barrels a day above the cap, according to analysts.
But while Finance Minister Funaro has stressed that the government is committed to negotiation, it is equally committed to working without formal International Monetary Fund supervision of the economy.
One Friday last month he asked about redundancy and was told the pit wanted to lose 15 fitters; six had so far gone. He telephoned his wife, and then, on the spur of the moment, volunteered.
But FNN also will shoot specific videos for Dryden textbooks.
The companies' top goal is getting the union to agree to flexibility in how vehicles are built.
Army spokesmen have contended plastic bullets, which penetrate the body with less force than live ammunition, are not lethal unless fired from less than 20 yards' distance.
But to compensate the U.S. for the continued restrictions, Japan agreed to lower tariffs on 16 other food products, and to ease import restraints on peanuts, lentils and chickpeas over the same period.
Each warrant initially will represent $50 of currency and is expected to be priced between $3.25 and $3.75.
On the $1 coin, Geiger said the Susan B. Anthony dollar coin failed to become popular because it was not easily distinguished from the quarter and because it was introduced as an alternative to the paper dollar, rather than a replacement.
'They have a hot-cold relationship.
Robert LeBaube, IRS director of taxpayer services said last week that many elderly people are especially confused, mistakenly claiming extra personal exemptions for being over 65, or blind.
The prime minister of North Korea will visit South Korean President Roh Tae-woo next week in what is viewed as a first step toward mutual recognition by the rival nations.
Babbitt's campaign has put up some of its computers for sale back home in Phoenix.
In Michigan, as many as 1.3 million adults lack the skills needed to work in the new economy, he said.
Dolney was being held on $25,000 cash bond and Ms. Coulter on $10,000 bond pending a preliminary hearing Thursday.
BUSH WON the Illinois GOP primary, as Simon defeated his Democratic rivals.
Capital spending rose 8.6 percent in 1989, 8.9 percent in 1988 and 4.2 percent in 1987.
A rubber hose carries water from the street to a courtyard, where residents squat on a common brick floor in the open to wash their clothes, cooking utensils and themselves.
Major problems remain, however.
In addition, I propose the following further reforms to the budget process: (1) Joint budget resolution.
Personal lending and other financial services are becoming increasingly competitive - as the establishment of NatWest Life demonstrates.
"I never intended to perpetrate a ruse.
Pennington was uncertain what he'll use the money for, beyond helping his family, but said he would have more time to indulge his hobby of collecting antique toys.
Prosser blamed human error for the spill.
He added that she had been described her as "emotionally spent." Martin Bailey, a communications representative of the National Council of Churches who had met Ms. Casolo in Miamia, checked out of his hotel room early today.
"What we saw in 1988 was a tightening of the noose around the necks of some of the more heavily indebted farmers," explained Neil Harl, an Iowa State University economics professor.
We've got an emergency," said Perry Rivkind, district director of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Eddie Grant also is expected to receive a cash settlement that probably will be "in the six figures," said Phillip Wood.
It does not contain any proposals about shift-working or working hours.
Cache said that assuming the confirmation isn't appealed, Saul partners should complete the acquisition on or about next Monday.
That issue is the most likely to end up in court.
The Saudi royal family's custodianship of the holy shrines is its main source of legitimacy with the world's 1 billion Moslems.
The 82 survivors were taken to a prison camp, where they endured beatings and physical and psychological torture.
The contract also applies to 500 CWA employees not affected by the Saturday morning lockout.
Which is why people thought a miracle had happened when the new table-service law was passed (but before ink had dried on the fine print).
The majority of the trust's stock will be distributed to Santa Fe's shareholders in a spinoff scheduled to take place early next year.
He was publicly remembered, albeit justly, for managing restaurants.
The securities are being sold through a special-purpose vehicle created to sell asset-backed securities.
Diplomats in Rangoon say the government is highly unlikely to give in to such demands.
The lack of profit-sharing at GM at the same time that the corporation handed out millions of dollars in executive bonuses angered workers.
But world demand for copper remained strong, a function of the economic growth of industrialized nations.
They explained how the selling of assets could drive down and perhaps wipe out New York's deficit.
Dr. Louis Montour, medical director of the hospital, said a 15-year-old girl with a possible fractured hip and a 24-year-old man with a possible fractured knee were sent to Montreal General Hospital by ambulance.
It remains unclear to what extent the reduction of subsidies for fuel and rent will permit the reforms to take hold quickly.
"I call them king makers.
"That was the big part of the (dollar's) move," he said.
The year-long study by Hartford Seminary's Center for Social and Religious Research was prompted by growing concern over a clergy shortage.
Demographics help: as populations have grown older with improved medical care, the need for corrective lenses has increased steadily. He is also convinced the industry is set for further rationalisation.
The presence of Syria's 40,000 troops in Lebanon is the main issue that has threatened to undermine the talks.
President Reagan acknowledged today that he leaves office "without a hint or a clue" as to the whereabouts of Americans held hostage in Lebanon and said any overt rescue attempt could risk their execution.
The group, which surfaced in early June, mailed floppy disks containing some of the Macintosh's secret software code to an undetermined number of people, including a computer-industry analyst on Wall Street.
That increase brought the number of discouraged workers to its highest level since the end of 1988.
The new plant, which may be operational by mid-1990, initially would produce the Cray-3, a supercomputer still being developed.
Baghdad's souks are full of people selling the family silver - literally. The Iraqi dinar has become funny money - locals refer to it simply as 'paper'.
The attack came three days after a paratrooper was killed in the West Bank city of Nablus when a large concrete block was dropped on his head.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., the chief Senate sponsor, said he and White House officials bargained for weeks over the definition of business necessity but could never fully cement an agreement.
Some countries, including Russia and Nigeria, have yet to be assessed.
Dell pioneered mail order sales and has enjoyed explosive growth even as larger competitors stalled.
'The difference in prices is outrageous.
Kealey said the research also could lead to a more effective depilatory for removing unwanted hair.
One tool they use is a continuous tracking study that calls for a thousand consumer interviews each month.
Shultz's trip is aimed at giving Central American leaders forceful assurances of U.S. support and at seeking common approaches for dealing with Nicaragua.
In addition to the cash bid, the winning consortium has to pay 2 per cent of qualifying revenue for the first three years and 8 per cent for the remaining seven years. Oracle Teletext came second with a bid of Pounds 6.676m.
Therefore, all dogs kick over their water bowls."
Hisham Nazer, the oil minister of Saudi Arabia, said on Monday in Vienna there was "unanimous recognition in OPEC" that OPEC alone cannot keep supplies low enough to prevent prices from lagging.
In 1990, back in Chechnya, he took part in the republic's national congress and so impressed its members that he was elected leader. The failed August coup of 1991 gave Gen Dudayev his opportunity to break away from Russia.
The Caribbean Basin Initiative, an administration program enacted by Congress during Reagan's first term, is a system of economic aid to countries of the region through trade preferences and other forms of assistance.
First there was the smart house, then the smart car.
"They were not battalions and they have no dignity," Endara said in a hospital interview as supporters held up his bloodied guayabera, a short- sleeved, smock-type shirt favored by many Latins.
The alternative is to increase treatment of that already collected and not extend collection services,' he explains. 'The problem is that resources are always scarce and environmental demands are always limitless.
'We haven't had to look for business,' says Shepherd.
And if not, have they found anything else to embrace instead?' says one analyst. The market has already come through a period of rapid development.
Byrd, D-W.Va., delivering his party's weekly radio address, said the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces treaty leaves nagging questions.
Fiat fixed L30 lower at L5,670 but firmed to L5,790 on the kerb while Generali fixed L410 higher at L33,700 and rose to L34,475 after-hours.
To a degree, Quantum represents the new times that have arrived for producers of the so-called commodity plastics that pervade modern life.
In addition, employers are not required to contribute to the funds for woerkers on an unauthorized strike.
The merger involved permanent financing of $1.33 billion.
But none has been violent; almost all the strikes have been legal in the government's eyes, so the police stay away.
That is equivalent to 15 cents on pre-split shares, a 50% increase from the 10-cent quarterly declared May 3.
"It'll be close to that.
"We're optimistic we will get a settlement without a strike," the spokesman said.
The very bulk and tone of the 690-page report mirror the complexity and bitterness of the controversy the committees began investigating 10 months ago.
Candidates were required to win 50 percent of the vote.
The younger son's wife, a salaried employee at Boeing, remains on the job.
Manufacturing of products such as blenders and hair clippers will be consolidated at other Oster facilities in Tennessee.
Politburo member Vasil Bilak, head of the Communist Party in 1968, lost his post and was denounced as a Soviet collaborator after the invasion.
Democratic former Virginia Gov. Charles Robb appeared poised to claim a formerly Republican seat, and Rep. James Jeffords, R-Vt., was likely to enter the Senate from his state.
It followed unconfirmed reports of soldiers fighting soldiers in the western and southeastern parts of the city.
There has been wide speculation that if a presidency is established, the post would be filled by Communist Party First Secretary Gen.
Inflation in the Netherlands slowed to 0.2% in 1986 from 2.3% a year earlier, the Dutch Economics Ministry said.
And where Reagan pushed a military buildup, there now is a proposal _ by the secretary of defense _ to cut military spending by $180 billion over three years.
Purchases of non-durable goods, meanwhile, rose 0.4 percent, and spending on services advanced 0.5 percent.
The company completed the sale of its business periodicals, trade shows and school supply distribution companies for $334 million and of two television station for $10.8 million in the quarter.
The breach-of-contract theory was being used by plaintiffs elsewhere to avoid the constitutional obstacles that stand in the way of winning privacy and libel suits, said Dick Winfield, an attorney for the AP.
Harland's pension scheme also has an investment of Pounds 500,000 in the service. He said PI was now 'making progress', despite a warning in February that delays and start-up costs would reduce profits due to Harland by Pounds 3m.
Two films this week, Ron Howard's Far And Away and Jim Jarmusch's Night On Earth, skim their plots or characters around the globe as if the friction of reality had never existed. In most other respects the two films are perfect opposites.
Snow fell across northern Florida from Panhandle beaches to Jacksonville but melted as soon as it hit the ground.
But he's also a very sensitive person and I know that for him this has been an ordeal because his work is his life," Mrs. Sutherland said.
David Redden, Sotheby's senior vice president in charge of collectibles, books, manuscripts and coins, said he initially had some concerns about "what the attitude around the company would be" about selling baseball cards.
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.
The company source said the decision to send the tankers to Kuwait reflected a belief by U.S. and Kuwaiti officials that the minefield was clear and the missile threat was not serious enough to warrant further delays.
Don't lie about your looks or move too fast for the guy.
This can help build confidence to overcome our trade fights with Japan and Europe and lay a much needed foundation for the new U.S. role in shared management of the world economy.
But don't blame the operator.
Although she is the product of the most liberal of Western schooling, Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto still covers her head in public and never shakes hands with men _ in keeping with Islamic fundamentalism.
James A. Toney, a vice president, sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28.
It was isolated by several miles from the city centre with no rail service and poor road connections.
The others may have missed what drug treatment professionals call the "treatable moment."
In a 1973 ruling, the Supreme Court said that a three-part test should be used in determining whether something is obscene.
His target range for the dollar against the Japanese currency runs between 128 and 135 yen.
Smaller spills were reported off the south coast, where most tourists stay.
South Koreans are living longer and having fewer children than ever before and by the year 2020 the country's population growth will be zero, officials said today.
Rising mortgage interest rates have cut into home buying and when home sales drop, analysts say fewer home furnishings are sold.
"If I'd have had to kick it (addiction) in the streets, I'd have been dead for sure," Warnke said.
As part of the cost-cutting, Du Pont Engineering said it will eliminate "lower-priority work," as well as shift production engineering and design to outside contractors.
The tape describes plans by dealers to distribute illicit drugs in at least three counties, Golden said.
Gross investment actually has been quite strong for the past five years, but bigger depreciation allowances keep net investment relatively low.
"I think schools are beginning to pay attention to what's going on out there in terms of application declines and public pressure about prices," said Arthur Hauptman, a college consultant who specializes in educational finance.
To buy these instruments, a central bank prints money, thus increasing the money supply.
The probe was closed in June 1985 after the Justice Department concluded the group was involved in political activities protected by the First Amendment and not involved in terrorism.
The tightened standards at First Chicago apply to any securities firm with junk bonds in its inventory, though it isn't likely that any would be nearly as affected as Drexel.
No doubt the answer is long and complex and contains structural elements.
Other crudes said to be involved in the formula are Alaskan North Slope and a Dubai crude.
So instead of being clobbered, IBM inched ahead 1/2 point by week's end to 100 3/8.
Whitehall is half owned by members of the de Gunzburg branch of the Bronfman family of Canada, heirs to the Seagram Ltd. distilling fortune, and half by the Moross family of London, which has extensive financial services interests.
"Justice is justice, whether it's between a man and a woman or a guy and his dog." Raitt concludes "Nick of Time" with an original song, "The Road's My Middle Name," a bluesy stomp that reaffirms her dedication to music.
President Bush said today that he and his wife Barbara were looking forward to sharing Thanksgiving with troops he has sent to the Persian Gulf.
His business background "distinguishes me as a person who had vision, who's worked very, very hard (and) who's been able to attract and motivate highly capable people," he said.
"I thought they would be more innovative and come up with their own products," Giordano said.
In testimony, the prosecution called FBI agent Robert Reich to explain a large chart that outlined the flow of funds from the Philippines for the purchase of an office building at 200 Madison.
It is, to quote Mr. Rourke: "Will they keep eating fresh seafood or switch because it's too expensive?
About 60% of companies surveyed, according to the Conference Board study, already have at least an 11-week leave program for mothers of newborns.
"We are here to defend the right and defend the peace.
Bilak, 71, is a party ideologist linked to the late Soviet leader Leonid I. Brezhnev and was believed to oppose economic reforms favored by Lubomir Strougal, the premier who resigned in October.
U.S. OBJECTIONS to a Central American peace plan make progress unlikely.
Toronto _ President Bush meets with Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and attends a Bluejays baseball game.
Would that Mr. Gould's minute descriptions of these creatures was always so colorful.
Aside from the mainly transshipment traffic through Singapore, Malaysia is Britain's biggest export market in the South-East Asia region. Britain's exports to Malaysia have nearly trebled in value in the last five years, reaching Pounds 636m last year.
The Radical Liberal Party, whose candidate was Sen. Luis Maria Vega, received 78,141 votes, or 7 percent.
Officials declined to give details of the new technology, citing patent considerations.
First-quarter sales rose 40%, to $957 million from $682.8 million.
The Yard, headquarters of the metropolitan police, said the incident occurred Sunday morning.
Networks are becoming increasingly complex and need advanced software to control and manage them. The increased complexity is the result of broader scope of modern networking.
Manila Mayor Gemiliano Lopez, who inspected the site Tuesday, said the dig was about 17 feet deep.
"This is in order to have quick decisions and get more ideas, more energetic work from the staff," said Akikazu Kida, a Toyota spokesman in New York.
The white ground is exploited as highlight.
"Any request (by the economic commission) for new taxes or tax increases or a raid on the Social Security system would be bounced back immediately with the stamp `Return to Sender.'
Fully diluted earnings per share were 3.4p.
Hanoi's authorities say they would like to pull out all their troops by 1990, but only if they can leave behind a vassal state.
Mikhail Gorbachev has focused much attention on the need for Soviet industrial reforms.
Because the test car had the optional High Capacity Actively Controlled Steering, the Q45 also barely showed any body roll, or yaw in sudden lane changes and side moves.
Voters are more closely divided on a capital-gains cut and reject by 2-to-1 a cut in the corporate income-tax rate.
Inkatha accuses the ANC of trying to monopolize power among black opposition groups as the country moves toward negotiations on a new constitution.
The auditor cited "uncertainties regarding the ultimate loss to be incurred in connection with the closing" of the Long Island plant.
In recent weeks, however, there have been signs of renewed inflation.
This time, the federal government is suggesting that the mega-developer show the city how to fix the closed-down Williamsburg Bridge.
Resistance fighters killed him in April 1945.
Last time profits were reduced by a Pounds 1.02m provision relating to residential development sites.
Prosecutors have said their current case does not depend on any evidence that might be uncovered during the investigation of the site.
When it once again seems appropriate, forcefully pump your arm outward again.
A gunman killed a prominent civil rights lawyer in front of his office on Wednesday, Italian news media reported.
It wasn't until 1971 that a Soviet doctor's oath was legislated, but it obligates the physician to submit to the state's interest first and the patient's only secondarily.
Lebanese militiamen of Druse warlord Walid Jumblatt blocked roads and fired automatic rifles in the air to keep reporters and photographers from stricken targets.
He did say that people both inside the administration and outside the government were inundating the White House with advice on whether Reagan should sign the bill.
Excluding the charges, profit was $133.1 million, or $1.16 a share.
But a new Senate would be created to which elections would be democratic.
The latest of those, conducted by Gallup for the Boston Globe, radio station WEEI and television station WCVB in Boston, found 52 percent support for Dukakis and 38 percent for Bush.
Sell orders poured into the Cotton Exchange, sending some contracts down the limit in the morning.
Other precious metals stocks were mixed as gold prices eased and silver and platinum prices rose slightly.
Mr. Shannon has been a broker, and being found guilty by the Merc of cheating customers may keep brokerage firms from dealing with him in the future.
The remaining 41 were confirmed as living patients of acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Over the last few years it has generated very strong growth in Australia while the economy has been flat on its back.
A Salomon official, after a few expletives, says the offer was more like triple the trader's previous pay.
"Both recognize more than ever before the relationship between economic strength and national security."
"Syria asserts that the presence of President Mubarak at the summit is a positive development," Kourieh said.
"It's a myth to think that the public out there is just livid at the thought of a revenue component of a deficit reduction plan, that's a total mistake," says GOP analyst Kevin Phillips.
A spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said privately that Garcia-Pena, Colombia's consul in Miami for 18 years until 1988, disappeared Friday but the ministry had not heard from kidnappers.
As a result, more than 80% of M2 is not subject to reserve requirements and therefore is not directly controllable by the Fed.
Mrs. Lawrence was one of the leaders of the creative revolution of the 1960s.
Yes, though the gap has narrowed.
"I've absolutely given up hope that the company itself will improve its margins significantly without some stimulus from the outside," said Andrew Wallach, an analyst with PaineWebber.
John Green, md of the ANGLIAN WATER subsidiary Engineering and Business Systems, has been appointed to the main board.
Sen. Paul Trible (R., Va.), a member of the Senate investigating committee, puts it more bluntly: "There's certainly evidence of clear wrongdoing, criminal wrongdoing."
The play is a 35-minute monologue by a cardinal who is being treated for alcoholism by the church after he kills the woman.
Mr. Khosla, 35, co-founded two sizable high-tech companies before turning 30; one was Sun Microsystems Inc., now the world's largest maker of computer workstations.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate John R. Silber sparked protests from Jewish organizations after saying he encountered racism among Jews when he once considered converting.
The descriptions go on as, one by one, she throws her costumes to the floor.
Mrs. Johnson got to salvage what was left of her reputation in peace.
The latest offer for the Atlanta company comes about six weeks after Georgia Gulf officials met with NL's Martin to discuss a possible merger.
"In the course of my talks with the representatives of both governments, I suggested ways to move the talks forward within the framework of Resolution 598 in order to achieve a comprehensive and lasting peace in the region," he said.
The European Security Forum is evidence of the weight that blue chip companies attach to data security.
You learn from your mistakes, not throw away the business."
"They were totally uncomprehending that we should want to get rid of a nuclear system without getting elimination of nuclear weapons on other sides too _ without getting anything for it in return," he said.
ICI doesn't support continuing international efforts to reduce production of ozone-destroying chemicals, Mr. Henderson said.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Graphic closed at $4.375, down 12.5 cents.
The rebel officers requested that the U.S. deploy a helicopter to the headquarters to take Gen.
If you cause an accident with a car, or hit a pedestrian, they could sue you for damages. Most cycle insurance policies cover legal liability, but personal accident cover (for any injuries you suffer) is usually extra. Security is a consideration.
And that changes politics." EDITOR'S NOTE _ Bill Huggins, born in London, is a photographer and picture editor who retired from The Associated Press earlier this year.
The current poll of 403 blacks was conducted between March 30 and April 2 and had a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percentage points.
U.S. District Judge Gerhard Gesell made the comment at a hearing where the government argued that North's subpoenas served last month for the testimony of Bush and Reagan should be quashed.
When pressed, some analysts estimate the offers fall roughly in between $15 to $16 a share, or a total of about $248 million to $264 million.
"The intent was to reasure," Mr. Griggs says.
He is charged with selling the cocaine to an undercover police officer.
Neither is all that special.
"You should not ask the National Assembly to do it, because time is too short.
The VOA is a major source of information for millions of Chinese seeking information other than news reported by the tightly controlled domestic press.
"It was just like tinfoil," said Chris Nicholson, who developed and piloted the small video robot attached by cable to the mother ship.
Wildfires were slowed Tuesday by lower temperatures and diminished winds after burning more than 7,300 acres and an exotic animal refuge and ancient Sequoia trees were put out of immediate danger.
But until now the New York group and other buyers clubs have only imported drugs that do nt require a prescription in the foreign country.
'She probably cried rape because the geezer didn't please her'.
But a spokeswoman for Mohawk's parent, Danaher Corp., says that while "overtures have been made from time to time," talk of a sale is "pure speculation."
It said the board expects to review again the status of merger talks and a spinoff of Penn in about two weeks.
AST, based in Irvine, Calif., was expected to do well in the quarter, but its earnings exceeded analysts' estimates of 46 cents to 47 cents.
To support his argument, Barshop cited Miss Brando's recent departure for Tahiti, where she remains.
The move, after hearings on some Drexel operations, is the first time the firm has acknowledged some of its practices may be questionable.
He said he had seen no details of the plan but that based on NBC officials' description, "I think it's terrific."
Goldman Sachs and Fiat officials had no comment.
Israel's Antiquities Authority on Monday dismissed a Harvard scholar as chief editor of the Dead Sea Scrolls, citing health problems.
The disposition of Warner's shares in BHC, Chris-Craft's principal broadcasting subsidiary, was one of the principal issues in a lawsuit Chris-Craft filed against Warner in Delaware chancery court.
When the agency was created in 1961, East bloc countries were asked whether volunteers would be welcome.
About 10 Army staffers oversee the arsenal, housed in 72 buildings, but the rest of the 2,350 workers are civilians.
He resigned from USAir on June 26, and so did W. Howard Mackinnon, Piedmont's chief financial officer, and Richard L. James, the vice president of planning.
"I don't want to know who is sleeping with whom or who is getting a divorce.
Resentment of the United States has been growing for years in Honduras.
It sometimes seems as if Americans are marrying earlier and more often.
Mortgage-Backed Securities At a time when derivative mortgage securities are becoming increasingly complex, Ryland Acceptanc Corp. proved that a simple structure can generate strong investor demand.
The suggested amounts again varied widely with the assumptions made.
In the first place, Americans should make their experience in race relations more readily available to South Africa.
They meet in groups to grieve, they call each other at 3 a.m. to sob, they savor a unique joy with the coming of new mornings, the sight of sunsets.
Some councils complained that the brokers should have warned them about the risks of leaving their cash with BCCI. While investigating those claims, the MPs called for compulsory taping to help prevent disputes about the terms on which deals are done.
The conclusion is based on Goodwin's observations as well as discussions about Johnson the author had at the time with a psychiatrist.
The U.S. dollar%&fll slightly in early trading against the Japanese yen Tuesday, while share prices on the To;yS Stock Exchange lost marginally.
Wolf's entry _ garden rice-stuffed chicken breasts _ was in the frozen-vegetables category.
Investigators issued a new set of subpoenas to government bond dealers as part of the SEC's probe of violations at Treasury debt auctions.
GM declined to say which of the company's 100 plants in North America would be affected.
The new rates still fail to cover the city's costs to run the public transit and parks systems, the Beijing Evening News said. But it did not indicate whether further increases were likely soon.
The General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, in its annual review of 108 member countries, said merchandise trade growth slowed to about 3% last year from a 5% increase in 1990, marking the third consecutive year of retarded expansion.
When the Arizona Senate opens Gov. Evan Mecham's impeachment trial Monday, it will embark on a course laid out in England as a way to remove cruel kings and brought to America in Colonial days as a way to protect democracy.
The Soviet Embassy in France denied similar reports from French media on Wednesday, Tass reported.
Another of his more notable roles was that of Dr. Dolittle, who talked with the animals and taught them to speak back in the 1967 movie named for his character.
This followed the 1987 crash and differences of views on how the company should be run in a new investment climate.
Miss Pennsylvania performed a ventriloquist act with a green cockatoo puppet named Oscar.
"We thought people would be mature enough to accept it."
"The situation has gone from god-awful to pretty terrible," observes Alan Jones, a spokesman for the state Department of Water Resources.
Mr. Bilzerian later made another bid of $17 in cash plus $4 in preferred, after signing a standstill agreement in exchange for a look at non-public company information.
But Oppenheimer's Mr. McAlpine sees clouds ahead.
The great majority of Bosnian Serbs had boycotted the referendum on independence.
As previously reported, the acquisition requires Dome's creditors to forgive 1.16 billion Canadian dollars ($864.5 million) of Dome's total debt of 6.3 billion dollars.
Mr. Reso, a native of New Orleans, worked his way through a variety of engineering and planning jobs, held positions in Australia, and returned to the U.S.
Mutual funds have reason to shop among small stocks, says Charles Clough, investment strategist for Merrill Lynch.
Company officials in Joplin and at the Cincinnati, Ohio, office of Eagle-Picher would not comment on EPA's proposed action or whether the company will seek a hearing to contest it.
The 8-pound, 9-ounce baby, Alexandra Lawford Pender, is the 14th great-grandchild of matriarch Rose Kennedy.
The stakes are high for corporations incorporated in Delaware.
At issue was a Feb. 9-10 meeting of the 12-member Federal Open Market Committee, or FOMC.
During the past week, police received anonymous tips that "buyers were being solicited abroad," Wilting said. "We got hard evidence of that early this week, and that's when we decided to act."
The appeals court said the evidence was clear that the two men were fired because of their political affiliation.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey got a mixed reception for its $100 million revenue bond issue sold yesterday.
The results represent a big change from last year, when the company posted heavy losses, stemming from inventory problems and runaway expenses.
Practically the whole country joined in peaceful demonstrations against the dictatorship.
All figures are provisional and aren't seasonally adjusted.
Some job losses among blacks also resulted. Trade sanctions were probably less effective: merchandise exports held up remarkably well during the sanctions era.
"I regard happy babies to be a bargain," she says.
The script, adapted from Dave Stevens's graphic novel by Danny Bilson and Paul De Meo, is drearily earnest, without a single original wrinkle in the timeless battle of good against evil.
Mrs. Whatley said her husband, an oil foreman held since the invasion, hoped to hurry home to visit his critically ill father.
In the world of architectural conservation there are, at the moment, a large number of small but important buildings that are in considerable danger.
Every few miles along potholed roads, Indian soldiers man sandbagged checkpoints where they halt travelers who come on foot, on bicycles and jammed into minibuses.
Idomeneus loses his reason, slays his son, tries to kill himself but is prevented.
If they do come on stream, it adds, there will not be enough gas to supply them long-term.
She emphasised her experience and said she could offer 'continuity and stability'. 'People don't have to guess what kind of leader I can be - they can see,' she said.
In sentencing them, Logan District Judge Dale L. Prince ordered them to apologize to the congregation or face contempt of court, with a possible year in jail and $500 fine.
But why trainspotting? 'There is infinite variety in the railway scene.
Saatchi isn't included in the rankings, which look only at its individual ad agency units.
The songs I included from it I think are three of my best songs.
No one was reported injured, but two Foreign Ministry officials went to Okinawa last month to talk with U.S. generals and inspect firing ranges.
"I was apprehensive," says the former University of Minnesota professor, "especially the day after Black Monday when the biotechnology stocks took a hit.
It is better, I think, to keep the portfolios smaller than that.
Cahouet also named four new vice chairmen and a new chief financial officer in a reorganization of Mellon's office of the chairman.
An independent television station being launched by a local cable operator could signal the opening of a new battleground between cable and free television.
Anything less would jeopardize not only our security _ and that of our friends and allies _ but also would dim the prospects for further negotiated agreements with our adversaries.
Or would he compare them with, "say, Mexicans who cross the U.S. border for work?"
But the SS-25 is under no INF restriction.
In his farewell address to the nation Saturday, he alluded to the current criticism of that 21-year era, allowing that some "bad things" had occurred but sticking fast to his lifelong belief in the Socialist creed.
"The average person figures I'm a normal guy, not a shyster lawyer or a cunning CPA.
If we don't do that, our chance to have influenced decisions will be much smaller," Walesa said.
The merchandise trade deficit totaled a record $148.5 billion in 1985 and is estimated at around $170 billion last year.
That seems to assume that the resulting higher payroll costs would not eliminate jobs.
Some things don't change, says a Hutton survivor: When the market is rocky, "it hurts at Hutton, it hurts at Shearson."
There, Mr. Sigoloff first negotiated with edgy vendors to get near-empty store shelves filled again.
Scientists are trying to understand just what triggers a latent virus to start reproducing itself, in hopes of finding ways to keep it dormant.
It will be the fuel needed to drive stock prices from here, they say.
The results so far?
The organizations seeking the transcripts were The Miami Herald, the Associated Press, Post-Newsweek station WPLG-TV of Miami and Gannett Co. and its USA Today.
That compared with a loss of $350,999, or seven cents a share, on revenue of $13.7 million in the year-earlier period.
Other analysts took a dimmer view.
We created the context for Roe to happen." Ms. Michelman urged the women to speak out and create a renewed climate of activism for the pro-abortion movement.
"If nobody is talking to anybody in this region, we'll never accomplish anything," says Mr. Norman.
"No agreements, arrangements or undertakings concerning the terms or conditions of such transaction have been reached, and there can be no assurance that any agreement will be consummated," the company said.
This battalion was engaged at Khafji on the Saudi-Kuwaiti border, and took some casualties.
What will Mr Louis-Dreyfus do if BSBW in the US fails again this year, or if the incipient CME-KHBB network fails to gel?
Mr. Abusada argues that splitting the package of measures into two parts, one in March and the other four months later, fueled inflationary expectations and created "the worst of both worlds" for the government.
The $1 fine would replace the normal penalties for assault or aggravated assault.
The company is plagued by financial and regulatory problems at the Seabrook, N.H., nuclear plant, in which it owns a 35.6% stake.
Griffin will own the existing Resorts International Hotel Casino, the balance of the company's real estate in Atlantic City, its casino properties in the Bahamas and other corporate assets.
A Continental spokesman says the airline planned to open the terminal in phases, so passengers could begin using it sooner.
More worrisome for competing cards is evidence that AT&T card holders are canceling or not using other credit cards.
She defines the state as 'confusion that arises when you can no longer make sense of your circumstances'.
The damage is widespread, nevertheless.
No other society in history has done as much to advance a repressed racial minority.
Oracle Corp. said it expects to report record net income of $7.8 million, or 24 cents a share, for the fiscal fourth quarter ended May 31.
The challenge here is obvious: If the public is going to pay its officials more money, how does it make sure that it gets its money's worth?
Like his other books, "American Psycho" is utterly unredeemed by moral sensibility or critical distance.
Purser said the money private landowners, businesses and the city have invested in such neighborhoods as Five Points could be jeopardized by the murals.
Public Service Co. that was also a prerequisite for the modernization plan.
But the issue didn't take.
"I never said anything about lesbians.
There were indications that the drought-induced slaughter of 1991 could lead to reduced production this year. The report says significant cost savings of about 30 per cent were made during the year on freight costs to North America.
The new constitution, passed by parliament earlier this year, eliminates the post of president-for-life and says presidential candidates must be at least 40 years of age and no older than 70.
The new phone is the result of two years of development work by AT&T units, including Bell Laboratories and Compression Labs Inc., which makes the video-compression electronics.
Revenues were Dollars 3.31bn, compared with Dollars 3.2bn. Income from the group's document-processing business was Dollars 113m, up 3 per cent from the previous year.
An estimated 1,400 people are still sheltered at the Nigerian Embassy, next to the West German compound.
"However, the cornerstone of the U.S. arms sales policy has always been to examine first and foremost the strategic and moral implications of military sales," Reich said.
The subject of campaign finance has become a debating point between Dukakis and a Democratic rival, Rep. Richard Gephardt of Missouri.
Franz Josef II, Prince of Liechtenstein, died Monday after a long illness at age 83.
But a top executive at one of the firms, asking not to be named, said he was convinced a final agreement will be reached.
Stock options give the right to purchase a share of stock in the future at a price fixed today.
An attorney for Mr. Weinstein stressed that his client wasn't charged in the stock-manipulation scheme.
Thatcher has spoken out publicly about the need for restraint.
It didn't occur to me that one was supposed to speak.
Chairman Steven Rothmeier declined to comment, joking that he could go to jail for spilling insider information.
It was unclear what sort of assistance the economically ailing Soviet Union might be willing to lend.
Seas, as the Marines learned during recent exercises along the gulf coast, can experience waves up to 15 feet.
Munni Setty says she ran into difficulty when she sought a license to practice in Colorado in 1988.
But critics have accused him of not always following through on his initiatives.
"It is now time for the LeBow team to take over the helm."
"This is a small but crucial step to treating a whole array of genetic diseases," said Dr. R. Michael Blaese, another cancer institute researcher on the project.
Afternoon trading was especially quiet in New York as many operations shut down early because of a snowstorm.
He said priority is being given to environmentally sensitive areas such as Prall's Island and Saw Mill Creek.
The plan, which needs U.N. approval, calls for up to 100 military observers to monitor Central American border areas in speedboats, helicopters and all-terrain vehicles.
He claimed that some of the hostages were spies for the CIA, specifically naming Terry Waite, the British envoy of the archbishop of Canterbury who disappeared in West Beirut in January 1987.
The core volunteers are aided by pueblo residents old and young, who gather when they can at the adobe-making site a mile away from the church to help with anything from loading materials to cooking.
Great as it is, "Do You Love Me?" doesn't rescue the "Dirty Dancing" soundtrack albums from the contempt of all prudent consumers.
Centex Real Estate Corp., a unit of Centex Corp., Dallas, for example, said it built 10% fewer homes during June than what it considered a healthy rate for this time of the year.
Soviet businessmen operating in Finland have said they have access to technology that is denied them in the Soviet Union by Western export limitations.
It said two pilots at the scene were arrested.
The country's property sector would then resemble more the sluggish markets in the US and UK, and less the fast-growing high margin one the Reichmanns take Mexico to be.
We will do what we can to give political and material support to the population in northern and southern Iraq while the regime continues its repression.
But the self-reliant Mrs. McMehen retains her good humor.
And yet, this man, the governor, equated the president to a rotting fish.
I mean, no one says trunks anymore." Bobby Shriver, 36, venture capitalist and Special Olympics producer, New York: "I remember once I was out walking with my grandmother.
Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom are major suppliers.
And of course, the Justice Department job, like the Iraqi pipeline Mr. Wallach also once advocated, never materialized.
At any rate, the cease-fire talks tally the first triumph of common sense and human decency since the war began.
"Within two or three days, his face will change," he says.
But Ms. Ingram argued that "Ruby Lewis did not perceive the plaintiff as having different skin color from she." She said the issue was Ms. Morrow's job performance.
NBA said the syndicate would control nearly 63% of the bank's voting shares.
Time Inc. said second-quarter net income gained 7.7%, helped by strong performances from cable television and book operations and by lower taxes.
But a lot of people here think he was just trying to help the poor," he said.
Mr. Stepanek was until recently resident director of an American multinational in Beijing.
Recon's Mr. Whyte declined to comment for this article. Israeli officials refuse to comment, except to defend the integrity of their RIS program and to insist that theft isn't the Israeli way.
Each preferred share would have an initial annual dividend of $1 per share, Buckeye said.
Both General Motors Corp. and Chrysler have made union approval of three-shift production a major objective of their current national contract negotiations with the UAW.
That's a long winning streak by any standard.
NII's owns FoxMeyer Drug, the nation's third-largest drug distributor.
People gathered around the televisions in an electronics shop at a shopping mall to watch Wright's hourlong nationally broadcast speech.
It is haunting this party.
An advantage to such an approach is flexibility.
He has called for ending the apartheid system of racial segregation and for holding talks on allowing the black majority an equal political role with whites.
Phinda gets bricks over a third cheaper than from commercial suppliers. Not far from Mazibuko's brickworks, Thomas Nkomo - another reformed poacher -makes charcoal according to a traditional African method.
In Tehran, the Iranian cabinet held a meeting to discuss strategy for what President Khamenei called "new movement" in the Persian Gulf war.
The ministry official said both men told Japanese officials they did not want to return to East Germany.
Perez de Cuellar's pessimistic comments follow his effort at personal mediation in the Persian Gulf crisis.
The brewing and leisure sectors have similar property portfolios, yet the full significance of the change does not yet appear to have sunk in.
Props such as bookcases and stairs pop up out of the tables.
Walsh had pleaded guilty to misdemeanor counts.
He noted that the tribunal decided that the United States was not obligated to return the property but to pay its value as of March 1981.
Nevertheless, Mr. Hahn attacked the mayor's conduct.
Grain and soybean futures closed higher Friday on the Chicago Board of Trade with soybeans up sharply on fears of continued dry weather.
True, its share in world exports fell sharply between independence and the mid-1970s, but it has stabilised at about half a per cent since then.
Much of the buying apparently was based on indications of increased global demand for grain and soybeans, particularly by the Soviet Union.
The bid was trimmed by 3p to 777p. Smith & Nephew was slightly easier at 136p despite its defensive qualities. Nomura reduced its 1992 forecast by Pounds 5m to Pounds 145m, principally to reflect a weaker dollar.
The regime is opposed by hardline guerrillas based in neighbouring Pakistan. Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said most hurdles in the Afghan peace process had been removed. A majority of the guerrilla groups were backing the UN plan, he added.
In other action, the court: _Agreed to decide in a Minnesota case whether governors may withhold National Guard troops the federal government wants to send on training missions in foreign countries.
Pendleton said James worked "with several other Newark politicians" in pressuring Rodino to retire.
No longer reports sales results; merged with Campeau Corp.
Industry analysts said almost all high-technology companies require employees to sign anti-disclosure agreements and many have restrictive "not to compete" clauses, though they are seldom the subject of lawsuits.
The civil defense commander, Maj. Gen.
Stokes said agreement would be needed in order to secure the $500 million needed for the project.
At Port Mobil and at the high-volume Gulf stations along the Maine Turnpike, where prices were a few pennies lower, motorists had no difficulty seizing on a villain.
And this can be achieved if we Panamanians keep our funds in banks in Panama," it said.
Leaders of two opposition parties demanded on Tuesday that President Mobutu Sese Seko resign and make way for the introduction of a multiparty democracy.
She hopes to establish Sisters of Charity missions in Maputo, the capital, and the northern province of Nampula, AIM reported.
Traders said signs of weakness in the West German economy are creating speculation of a German discount-rate cut sometime today.
In 1540, King Henry VIII of England married his fourth wife, Anne of Cleves.
A spokesman for the Banking Commission said its concerns have been passed on to the public prosecutor in Antwerp, where Super Club is based.
The underlying hope is that market prices will somehow reach the inflated payment price.
All these industries were sceptical and said they wouldn't use the contracts, but today they are involved in futures for hedging. Mr Sandor said: 'It is unambiguously incorrect to view this market differently than other markets.'
The firm, which is handling several friendly acquisitions, has gained its first "victory" in a contested takeover.
Massive corporate cutbacks in recent years have pitted managers in their 20s against "older, more experienced people who now are willing to take entry-level jobs," she notes.
It's very cold and the snow and fog are making it even more difficult,' he said.
In recent trade talks, the U.S. government demanded that Japan change aspects of its economy to help reduce its $49 billion trade surplus.
Traders said the company's strong earnings outlook and lower price-earnings ratio attracted investors.
"Then, they go back to their offices in the Ginza and make sketches," says Hiromichi Nakamura, the head of product development.
Secosky, 42, is interested in why Jupter's moon Io sometimes appears brighter as it emerges from the planet's frigid shadow.
I've got some magic tricks and I throw out cheap novelties to the crowd." He also juggles bowling pins. "Four is the most I can do, and three is plenty." Fred Young often plays drums shirtless, borrowing the idea from other drummers he's seen.
The current Braniff is legally a different entity from the past two Braniffs.
The black-tie event is to benefit a Planned Parenthood fund to honor Miss Hepburn's mother, Katharine Houghton Hepburn.
Mrs. Hemidal said "something big is going to happen in two or three days _ things will be handled," but she would not explain what she meant.
Our hearts quicken to the call, our eyes brighten, our pace picks up," he said.
Eventually, he said a uniform progressive tax rate should be developed for those who work in cooperatives and those who for state-run enterprises.
Banks resorted to paying their largest depositors a 600 percent annual rate to retain funds that otherwise might be withdrawn and converted to U.S. dollars.
But if the Pernod acceptances are valid, Irish Distillers shareholders won't be able to sell to Grand Met at the higher price.
But it is easy to find this kind of fault.
The western aid effort for Russia has been a debacle.
Fermi, as he had so often in this long pursuit of the atom's secret, foreshadowed what was to come while the doings of Szilard and Einstein and Sachs in the year 1939 were still only question marks.
The show has been jazzed up in recent months with new graphics and backdrops, but it is still dry and focuses on agricultural reports and Politburo announcements.
Hillman and McGuinn are nominated for country event of the year, for a performance at Red Rocks in Colorado.
"We believe we have a valid contract with the government," said Bluebonnet President R. Brad Oates.
"It was no major thing, no big explosion, just some rounds popping off," said Sgt. Joe Lentini.
Project 10, mentioned in your article, is the nation's first mainstream program that addresses the needs of adolescent homosexuals.
White House officials said Mr. Bush won't be seeking any specific action on the Gulf from Congress.
The restaurants are part of a $3 billion trade pact in which the Soviet Union will build at least 10 ships, mostly oil tankers, to be sold or leased by Pepsico in return for foreign credits.
About 7,000 people have been slain since the Tamil war began in 1983.
The members differed on the inflation outlook, though they agreed that domestic price pressures didn't appear to be intensifying and that wage increases had remained moderate.
A funnel cloud becomes a tornado once it touches the ground.
I believe its approach puts undue emphasis on the balance sheet, to the detriment of the profit and loss account, and to the disadvantage of users of accounts. The board has now published all but one of the chapters of its draft statement of principles.
Corporate bonds prices edged up, however.
The measure would ban the import of five foreign-made weapons and outlaw the manufacture of four other varieties in this country. The bill would not bar possession or sale of the weapons.
The announcement unleashed a run on technology stocks Friday, including IBM.
Neustrup, who flew to Beirut on Friday to take charge of negotiations to release the crew, was in Jounieh today to arrange for their departure, the source said.
But no one here can answer it." In Budapest, a Hungarian official said the transfer of refugees was stalled because of fears over how Hungary's role would be viewed by allied East Germany.
Federal researchers are exploring a possible new biological weapon against cells infected with the virus that causes AIDS.
The Air Force has decided to deactivate three of its 38 tactical fighter wings after concluding that the current budget will support only 35 wings, each of which consists of 72 fighter aircraft.
The purchases will be made on the open market.
Some temporary workers were on the job by 1 a.m. Saturday, with 2,200 replacements reporting to work Monday morning, said Western Union spokesman Warren Bechtel.
An explosion destroyed a French UTA jetliner over the Niger desert last September, killing 171 people.
The EC contends that as long as the "global" level of subsidies is reduced, some increases should be allowed.
"The words are atrocious and the tune is worse," wrote Peter McKay in The Evening Standard last month.
Conversely, a critical press can sometimes alert a company to an area of weak performance. But not everyone believes that media evaluation techniques are a satisfactory measure of PR's effectiveness.
Though Mr. Benjamin maintained it was by no means certain that Mr. Culverhouse could have overthrown the board and management, "We felt it was in the best interest of stockholders to get this resolved while we were in control of the situation.
The court ends the term with the liberals perhaps understandably feeling the pressure of minority status. Still, there can be no excuse for gamesmanship in constitutional law.
The proposal was announced over a year ago and Canada's federal government hasn't yet introduced formal legislation.
3M also failed to follow up with its customers after it determined that its air guns were leaking, the NRC inspection summary said.
"This is going to be interesting case," said Constance Lowenthal, executive director of the International Foundation for Art Research, a New York-based group dedicated to combating forgery and theft of artworks.
His victory appeared to mark the end of 31 years of Tutsi domination, although he was careful to include members of the minority tribe in his government.
The issuance is under a previously filed $500 million shelf registration, the company said.
Wagner and Brown: "This is definitely not a purchase to bust up Insilco."
According to the filing, Clark it said its purpose in selling the shares was to "partially liquidate the Clark Estates' investment" in the company's common stock.
Now they are considered a serious problem.
At his side were Mayor Coleman Young of Detroit and Sen. Don Riegle.
In its suit, Damon seeks to enjoin the American Magnetics group from acquiring any Damon stock and to require the group to dispose of its current 10.75% stake in Damon.
Underwriters are headed by McLeod Young Weir Ltd.
Mr. De Benedetti is married and has two children.
Kantor was known for creating dynamic, inventive theater based on historical and personal themes.
Demoralized and split into bickering camps, the party is being written off as a contender in national politics.
If you do marry a housewife, advise your children not to go to school.
Keenan, 39, from Belfast in Northern Ireland, holds dual Irish and British citizenship.
Piete said residents in West Berlin's Zehlendorf district reported seeing a balloon about 7:50 a.m. floating into the city over the wall.
"We feel very strongly we have observed excess energy," he said. "We feel confident in being able to measure the heat.
Opponents of U.S. military aid to Central America demonstrated outside a hotel where Vice President Dan Quayle was speaking, and 21 people were arrested.
The liquidation plan comes after weeks of pressure from anxious creditors.
The 10-day festival that ended Saturday featured more than 130 films from 40 countries, but competition is only among movies made in Israel.
The shootout occurred about eight hours after Gonzales and Ralph P. Brown, fled from the Arkansas Valley Correctional Facility in Ordway, Colo. in a helicopter.
Sir, With reference to your article, 'UN aims to redraw border of Iraq and Kuwait' (February 19), to date no final recommendations on the actual boundary have yet been made.
But according to the latest Gallup-Newsweek poll, Bush's approval rate has slipped from 80 percent last January to 48 percent, the lowest rating of his presidency.
Lefebvre insisted on the June 30 date and on elevating four bishops, effectively repudiating the accord.
Ramp season opens in late winter, but this year started in January because of warm weather.
Dr. Carr is the kind of contingent worker who both gladdens and worries employers.
The Lundgrens' son, Jeffrey, must serve at least 120 years in prison for his conviction on four counts of aggravated murder in the deaths of four of the Averys.
The blinding means that much of the data sought by the U.S. satellite could not be gathered.
The calculated annualized rate also was the same for both months _ 5.2 percent _ in contrast to a 4.4 percent inflation rate in 1987 and the first six months of this year, Labor Department economists said..
The move is part of a previously announced cost-cutting drive under which Sears is eliminating 33,000 jobs.
Losses in the corn and soybean markets were limited, though, by a National Weather Service Forecast for warmer- and drier-than-normal conditions in the Midwest next week.
The remaining 10 per cent is half owned by employees and half by Lebanese investors.
The Soviet Union indicated it would soon resume its nuclear-weapons testing program because of Tuesday's test blast by the U.S.
Some 30 others stayed with International Showbusiness and traveled to West Virginia to look for work.
The money will create a town development fund.
Such information can help a company in drafting its proposal.
The high schools remain under jurisdiction of the central board.
Among those arrested, Le Monde said, were Ali Ardalan, former finance minister; and Husseini Shah Hussein, who was president of the welcome committee when the exiled Khomeini returned to Iran in 1980.
An IRA statement in Crossmaglen said a 12-man unit used two 12.7mm anti-aircraft guns, three 7.62mm general purpose machine-guns and rifles Thursday in what it called the IRA's first successful helicopter downing.
He offers a tough but brilliant vision. Everything he designed, and take a close look at the circular silver toast rack in the exhibition, is thought through from the inside out.
The numbers this time were disappointing enough to pull forecasts back from roughly Pounds 31m to Pounds 27m.
Fashion-lovers can view clothes from aristocratic closets of the revolutionary period in the Musee de la Mode et du Costume, Palais Galliera, until May 7.
The statement appeared to be the most high-powered pledge of solidarity yet by writers with Rushdie and his publishers, and was a response to Khomeini's Feb. 14 call.
According to a UN estimate, at least 500,000 farm animals have been killed by the mines.
He also was named chairman and chief executive of NL Chemicals Inc., the chemicals unit that the company has talked of spinning off to shareholders.
In coastal Salvador, 1,120 miles northeast of Brazil, millions of costumed revelers packed city squares and streets to dance to highly-amplified samba bands perched atop lavishly decorated trucks.
"He's built a career on economic growth and that's exactly the kind of message this state needs to hear." Being mentioned for political office is nothing new to Mr. Iacocca, a self-professed independent with Democratic leanings.
Democrats, who have never won the White House without winning Texas, cling to the lowest number.
One alert reader received a mail shot from Sharelink giving him the chance to invest in one of two indexed funds via a personal equity plan.
"The numbers are very large.
A powerful storm covered parts of Colorado and Wyoming Monday with up to a foot of snow and sent strong winds gusting through much of the Rockies and Great Plains.
The group's system is still on the drawing board, but some specialists say it would be easier to adapt for use in the West German air force's F-14 fighter aircraft.
In an earlier drug-cult case, police in April 1989 found 15 bodies buried on a ranch near the northern city of Matamoros across the U.S.-Mexico border from Brownsville, Texas.
In scientific meetings in 1982 and in 1986, a view developed favorable to continued technological progress in crop and livestock production as well as in conservation of the nation's resources.
It currently has about 39.4 million shares outstanding.
Without its strong-willed chief, the company could narrow its focus, lower its debts, cut the dividend, or be acquired in whole or in part.
Association officials again attributed the fall to high interest rates and a slump in demand resulting from slower economic growth, factors that also have been curbing sales here of Japanese-made cars.
It fell 0.5 per cent on the week.
He was also known before the invasion to have his sights on Warba and Bubiyan, which would provide Iraq with key sea links.
Connie Chung said Monday that she's putting her new television series on hold while she tries to become pregnant.
But King Fahd says that his country has sacrificed long enough.
In 1989, the highest payment for any loss was 65 percent of the payment rate.
In Acapulco, condominium-style resorts with private swimming pools and hideaway beaches cost around $250 a day.
That might, surely, be from real life.
Another 78 blacks have been killed in Soweto township southwest of Johannesburg during the same period.
Pressured by disgruntled shareholders, Zenith has been exploring options for its consumer electronics business for more than a year, but has had trouble getting the price it wanted for a unit that had 1988 sales of $1.13 billion.
Wells Fargo rose 2 3/4 to 79 on a report that investor Warren Buffett had a stake in the company.
You glance from time to time at the distant reaches of the river.
Though she completed the 11th grade, she is functionally illiterate and now is studying long division and reading, trying to earn her general-equivalency diploma.
Discount brokers use 15-minute-old quotes to cut down costs of servicing individual investors.
Chen Ye, a senior official in the State Land Administration, was quoted by the China Daily as saying a quota system will be adopted.
However, revenues for its energy and utility systems and commercial segments were down for the third quarter.
Nevertheless, the Fed's decision to arrange the unexpected two-day reserve drain shortly before a Treasury auction "has to be viewed as suspicious," said Dana Johnson, chief money market economist at First National Bank of Chicago.
In separate cases, seven brokers were sanctioned for violating rules by exercising discretionary authority in accounts without prior customer approval.
Many Democrats have tried to reciprocate, it said.
"Our firm has never done this before, but there has never been such a catastrophic art theft," said Diana D. Brooks, president of the Sotheby's auction house.
A $150 million issue of Bank of New York deposit notes due September 1992.
But they were roundly rejected by West Germany and the U.S., and Mr. Hashimoto went home empty-handed.
For millions of victims of Alzheimer's disease and their families, it is a matter of life or living death.
In any case, it will probably be well down the slope before its effect starts to show in worsening profitability.
Divorcees, for instance, weren't married but didn't quite feel single.
"Bill Gunn by Ishmael Reed," works of the independent director, screenwriter, actor, novelist and playwright.
Throughout the 1980-88 war with Iran and after, Iraq bought most of its food from the United States, Canada and Australia, all now committed to the embargo.
Only a quarter of the sculptures on its western facade are original.
The dummy trades, they asserted, distorted the market by creating a false impression of trading activity.
Now it's time to get back to concentrating on the company's business." The proposed reorganization plan calls for cash distribution of about $600 million to creditors.
Students stuck taking Russian by default don't give their teachers much joy.
"Later that night, the soldiers came.
He was summarily dismissed by the company when the currency loss came to light, ending his severance contract that was to run until September.
This special status is still in force, although the Soviets have put virtually all control in local hands.
The oil wealth divided the Arab world.
Treasury bonds were mixed.
Burmese troops fired on hundreds of looters in three separate incidents, killing 18 people, Rangoon Radio said.
In the three races for open Senate seats, it is the incumbent House members who have the clear fund-raising edge.
It was followed rapidly by KLM, the Dutch flag carrier, Aer Lingus, the Irish state airline and Air France, normally one of the traditionalists.
The OECD ministers said government intervention had resulted in harmful agricultural surpluses, and they agreed that "market signals" should play a bigger part in determining future patterns of agricultural production.
Instead of earning a 1.65 per return on the bills, the fund would enjoy a 2.75 per cent return, a 110 basis points difference.
Munn said his agency also questioned several other people "but there was no new evidence, so there's nothing more we can do." McFarlin, the Williamsburg sheriff, said last week he did not plan to reopen the case.
What upset her most was that Robbie's family would not acknowledge either his talent or his homosexuality.
The 87-year-old prize carries a $390,000 cash prize.
The National Enquirer recently ran an article claiming her condition was worse than the White House has let on and that the first lady was in severe pain at times.
I think there should be more apprenticeships, so you can see what the real world is like.
Autospa also would receive a five-year option to buy as many as 2.4 million new Cardis common shares for $6.25 or $7 each, depending on the date of exercise.
However, bidding was quite spirited for many major works, and records were set for nine artists.
But new forecasts of wetter-than-normal conditions in the Midwest over the new six to 10 days pushed soybean and corn futures prices higher because it may slow harvesting.
Postmaster General Anthony M. Frank says he is optimistic about the future, despite the fact that the post office is preparing to raise rates as it faces the largest dollar loss in postal history.
His wife, Anne Henderson Pollard, was sentenced to two concurrent five-year terms for helping him.
These are long-term manufacturing-related jobs, many of them highly skilled.
The shares, trading at CDollars 27 3/4 before the deal, are being sold on an instalment basis, with full payment due only in March 1993.
Even before taking into account the bad-debt losses, Midland Group showed a profit of #743 million for 1990, down from #879 million the year before.
Repayment would be based on, perhaps, commodity prices or a general economic growth target.
White House officials said Mr. Miller was reproved for assertions cited in the article, especially his suggestion that the administration might favor raising "sin" taxes on items such as cigarettes and alcoholic beverages.
Three previously unreported issues began trading recently on the Big Board.
Initially, the State Council was to contain an army representative but Roy said Thursday the army chose not to be in it.
The Nebraska State Patrol said it was investigating the letter that Mrs. Orr received last August.
A few stopped to look or ask questions.
A federal judge and the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals subsequently ordered Diamond to help reimburse the winners' legal fees.
At one point early in the expedition, two of the team's three sleds were damaged in a crashing descent on ice, and at another point, a French doctor had to descend into an ice crevasse to rescue a stranded sled dog.
During her hearing on Friday, the committee repeatedly pointed out that new S&L examiners weren't hired at a critical period, even though it wouldn't have cost the government anything because industry fees pay the examiners' salaries.
A late flurry of technically inspired buying pushed most grain and soybean futures prices to a higher close Tuesday on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Forte, which is said to be attempting to persuade shareholders in the Savoy Group to support its ambitions for a combined luxury hotel group, moved ahead in early trading before sliding back to close a halfpenny ahead at 231 1/2p.
But off-kilter the least bit, it'll kill you," Swayze said in an interview in May 29's US magazine.
Consumers should expect to see ads from automakers whose vehicles ranked high on the survey.
Most of the acquisition price represented assumption of Delaware Management's debt, which now stands at $200 million.
Hirohito has occupied the throne since 1926, considered a living god for the first 20 years of his reign.
At least one grumble was heard after Bush announced the results: Rep. Frank McCloskey, D-Ind., said he believed the electoral system should be scrapped and replaced with a direct popular vote.
Partial volume was 345.6 million shares, compared with full-day volume of 564.7 million shares Thursday.
Central Statistical Office gives figures for credit business (June) and producer price index numbers (July-provisional). TUESDAY: Quarterly analysis of bank advances (April-June) from the Bank of England.
"The heavy oil is less and less attractive in today's green-type environment, but if they give us the linkage of exploring lighter crude areas, it will change the picture considerably," says an official of one oil company holding talks with PDVSA.
'I must apologise that the previous correspondence was not factual,' she said.
"I think right now would be an inappropriate time to talk about new taxes," said New Mexico Gov. Garrey Carruthers.
The company expects the number to quadruple by year-end.
"We are all members of the family, we don't pay each other for what we do for each other," said the governor's mother.
I really disapprove of people who drive fast and grippy cars on country roads at speeds more appropriate to a rally special stage.
But the real action is on the "Surreal Side" _ or Side 2.
He "threatened to shoot if anybody moved," said a police official, who cannot be named under standing regulations.
Although Ford's First Nationwide unit is based in San Francisco and is the nation's sixth-largest thrift, its California branch network is relatively small, with only 132 of its total of 348 branches.
I didn't recognize the brushes.
Qintex Entertainment is 43%-owned by Qintex Australia, a unit of Qintex Ltd., based in Brisbane, Australia.
Yemen's oil is said to be first-rate, with a low sulphur content and a high ratio of associated gas.
He also acknowledged that "mistakes were made" in the summary trial of the Ceausescus, which was widely criticized internationally.
His filter wasn't needed right at that moment.
Even so, petrol will still cost less in the United Kingdom than in most countries in the European Union and it will be cheaper than it was in real terms in the early 80s.
Phillips, whose granddaughter is among about 385 pupils boycotting the new Motley Elementary School, said parents aren't worried about the truancy law.
But he said that rather than forcing an end to resistance, more violence is the likely result.
One Japanese official described the talks as "heated" and said neither side had changed its position on the territorial dispute.
Aidid, who said Monday he had ousted the president.
The Nov. 16 letter, parts of which were obtained by The Associated Press, said most of the export applications were referred to expert opinions at the State, Defense and Energy departments.
One banner read "Pay back the blood debt." Police monitored the march but did not interfere, said one 18-year-old marcher.
The dollar rose in European trading this morning as market sentiment continued to run toward the U.S. currency.
They also get too big for one person to control.
Troops on Saturday shot and killed a guerrilla who opened fire from across the Jordan-Israel border and wounded two soldiers, the army command said.
The pact is subject to the approval of the Glasgow-based firm's policyholders, who own it.
OPEC oil ministers today held a flurry of bargaining sessions to try to break a deadlock in negotiations for a new production and pricing agreement.
Mr. Ben-Aharon said that direct Arab-Israeli talks could take place after a regional conference, which could serve as a "convocation" ceremony to get things rolling.
Some analysts have speculated that the well could have one billion to two billion barrels of oil equivalent.
Earlier this year, First Constitution established a credit administration department in anticipation of a deteriorating real-estate market in Connecticut.
In Moscow, the newspaper exchange was seen as an allegory for the struggle between Gorbachev and Ligachev.
With more than L100bn (Pounds 39m) of loans outstanding, BNL is the group's largest creditor. Both Cariplo and BNL have insisted the functioning of their institutions is not affected.
Commodities: Dow Jones futures index 130.63, up 1.42; spot index 126.37, up 0.22.
Enrile said it should have brought $12-$15 million.
The offer was contained in a statement by the rebel National Democratic Front, which was delivered to news organizations.
Bush said he would not try to assign blame for the problems at HUD.
Kenneth Loeffler, Lancaster, Pa., sends flowers to patients "after a particularly long or difficult procedure."
Northern Ireland's troubles are really about economics and politics, not religion.
The December contract closed at 91.72 after closing the previous night at 91.81. The Bank purchased Pounds 100m of Band 1 bank bills at 8 7/8 per cent.
Ametek spun off its Straza division and 13 others in 1988 to create Ketema Inc., which in turn has sold the marine products operations involved in the investigation, Ametek said.
Chicago attorney Lori B. Andrews, a specialist in reproductive technology law, said she knows of no in-vitro fertilization clinic that will take a single woman as a patient.
The Wembley concerts, where sellout crowds of 72,000 had been expected, have been rescheduled for Aug. 24-25, Ms. Sen said.
Mr. Guber wooed Mr. Dolgen back to Columbia last year to be president of the Columbia Pictures studio under its chairman, Frank Price.
They have snipers who have the soldiers controlled," a woman who fled the area said.
Further nervousness is likely ahead of tomorrow's policy meeting at the Bundesbank.
Los Angeles drug gangs are spreading cocaine and violence in cities nationwide and may become a new form of organized crime unless they are stopped soon, the Los Angeles County district attorney warns.
Khaled said last Christmas that Ms. Valente had given birth to a baby girl after a seven-month pregnancy "from an illegal relationship with Fernand Houtekins." Emmanuel Houtekins said the kidnappers were "providing us with wine and beer.
She says that since 1972, she has turned a credit-card debt of $62,000 into a $100,000 portfolio of six carefully selected stocks.
We ask people how severe their addictions are and he reported he had a $30-a-day cocaine habit.
After Norquist was sworn in, Maier wished his successor good luck. "I know you have the courage and vision to do the job," Maier said.
Hun Sen conferred during a break in the talks Sunday with John Monjo, the U.S. ambassador to Indonesia.
It said there are no known safety or effectiveness problems with the products, but there were questions as to whether they met the specifications approved by the agency.
For the first time the federal government would require all states to pay cash benefits to two-parent welfare families.
Insurers are acutely aware of the need to store enough money to afford paying claims to Japan's rapidly aging population in the decades ahead.
The first part of the exhibit concentrates on the powerful region of Prussia, named for an exterminated pagan tribe.
The new bid is conditional on review of Little's finances and severance agreements that the company initiated after Plenum made its first proposal.
Then President Nixon closed the "gold window" in 1971.
Castle & Cooke added 1/2 to 24 3/4; the company said it acquired a 7.3% stake in Amfac and has federal clearance to increase its holding to 15%.
The company said it is attempting to reposition a number of its strategies and business, but said the efforts are too premature to discuss in detail.
The budget documents state that "the discipline that the current budget process imposes on most Federal agencies is not fully effective in controlling Federal credit programs," because the process doesn't show how big the subsidies are.
Michael Binkow, a spokesman for Fox, confirmed Diller's offer. Katzenberg's proposal was reported in Tuesday's editions of The New York Times.
Desert will be an apple and cranberry brown betty with cinnamon ice cream covered with bourbon custard sauce, followed by a demitasse of coffee.
An Associated Press study of the 1988 disaster program found farmers who said they were "made whole" by both programs, earning as much or more in insurance claims and disaster payments as they would have with normal harvests.
At the short end the two-year note was unchanged at 100 1/16 , to yield 3.825 per cent. The news overnight of intense fighting in Moscow, set the scene for early gains in Treasuries. Yet any benefits for the Treasury market yesterday were short-lived.
In February, IBM said publicly that it would offer its new family of workstations with a piece of system software made by Steve Jobs's Next Inc. instead of Microsoft.
On June 5, an 8-year-old Miramar girl was killed by her 10-year-old brother who thought his father's gun was unloaded.
More peripheral markets such as Colombia and Peru may also benefit, some reckon.
The president-elect did better as the political season progressed.
"His people would expect it (his return) and he is just the sort of person who would do it," Mrs. Thatcher said of Gorbachev, with whom she has a good rapport.
More dates will be added, said Bob Merlis, vice president of publicity for Warner Bros. Records Inc.
Police reports also said Ms. Bamping and Blevins tried to use their positions as prosecutors to intimidate Robertson, but Blevins denied that.
At midnight every British terrestrial television channel will be showing an old Hollywood movie.
Talks to help liberalize the $600 billion annual trade in services have also hit snags.
The driver has a full no-claims driving record, no accidents, claims or convictions, and drives to work. The Which? survey revealed huge premium variations, even for this standard cover.
But you and I understand that just having Republicans know all this isn't good enough.
Federal law requires a 27.5 miles per gallon fleet-wide fuel economy standards for 1989-90 model cars, but NHTSA has proposed lowering that to 26.5 mpg.
"Now I didn't learn about crime, as Mr. Bush did, from a Clint Eastwood movie.
Friday's Market Activity Rising interest rates and a weakening U.S. dollar bashed stock prices Friday, crushing the blue-chips and a broad array of issues.
Such positive sentiment has triggered a powerful junk-bond rally that has pushed prices of low-rated bonds to the highest levels in months.
"To me it's an absolute nightmare," he said.
"This is an extraordinary, record-breaking flood and is very dangerous.
New York-based Lynch, Jones & Ryan, a soft-dollar firm, called the SEC action a "naive" response in favor of soft-dollar critics.
Unilever said the Polish company has annual sales of more than $20 million and accounts for more than a fifth of detergent powder made in Poland.
He was the jackal who pursued her until he finally devoured her.
"I want to go with my boots on," he laughs.
Although President Lee wields little of the influence his predecessor had, he quickly has proved himself to be the force to contend with at the upcoming KMT Party congress, which opens July 7.
U.S. Army helicopters scoured the Caribbean for a Nicaraguan cargo plane with a crew of six that failed to arrive on schedule Tuesday at Costa Rica's port city of Limon.
All the markets opened lower, but then soybeans moved sharply lower while wheat turned higher.
He said the People's Front wants such a visit because "the republic's government is not in a position to solve this question" of Nagorno-Karabakh.
If enacted, the bill would transfer from the president to the U.S. trade representative the authority to decide what unfair trade practices another country is engaged in and what, if any, retaliatory measures to impose.
A law applying the state's 4 percent sales tax to magazines while exempting newspapers was upheld Wednesday by the Iowa Supreme Court.
It also hired a management consulting firm, Glass & Osnos Associates Inc.
Stanley Bender, vice president, finance, said the company will take "substantial write-downs" in the fourth quarter.
Gleeson said there were no truce violations.
The earnings drop "was due in part to a decrease in revenue at U.S. Credit Services and substantial increase in costs" to revamp the operations, the company said.
The college settled her claims in 1975 for $75,000 without admitting liability.
New-issue volume has since fallen to $151 billion in 1986 and $105 billion in 1987 and is expected to fall to $100 billion this year, she said.
"Currencies very much dominate what's going on in investment policy," says Rowe-Price Fleming's Mr. Allison.
Syncordia has put together a network that currently links 14 "business centers" or cities, according to Mr. Thames, but plans to link 70 cities within two years.
Vinyl details all over included see-through plastic bustier bodices over sequined iridescent miniskirts for a mermaid effect.
The American Trucking Associations' executive committee voted Wednesday to support random testing even though some of its members have reservations about the federal program that takes effect at the end of the year.
It may be that labour-market flexibility and the growth of self-employment will bring more people into the workforce than would otherwise have been the case.
Earlier this year, Kaneb omitted its common-stock dividend of two cents a share, suspended dividend payments on its preferred stock and cut its work force.
Jackson was receiving 31 percent of the vote and 37 delegates, while Dukakis was getting 17 percent of the vote, but no delegates.
Late yesterday, the AT&T spokesman said the company decided to sweeten its proposal by offering to repurchase any uninstalled phones from Pay Phones customers.
The party is investigating leaflets issued by Liberal Democrats in the recent council by-election, won by the far right British National Party. 'Hope is a fragile thing,' Mr Ashdown said.
He went along with the requests, he added, to marshal his resources for the fight to abolish syndication rules, which he lost anyway.
Inner-city regeneration, training and defence industry diversification all look promising areas. It is easy to spot the sticks and carrots.
The price is expected to fall as production increases, he said.
The market's tumble put him in default on bank loans he had secured for the KaiserTech cash infusion.
That's a big switch from Texaco's bond offering late last year, which took syndicate officials nearly a month to place.
I don't feel like a valued customer." AT&T's long-distance network, after decades of reliability, has failed four times in two years.
Salt Lake City police said Mack has used six or more aliases and has been married seven or eight times.
In the early 1900s, more than 100 wolves lived in Yellowstone National Park.
Russo was sentenced to one year probation on the misdemeanor charge.
"I'm never going to retire.
The aid is in addition to the $119 million aid package President Bush announced earlier this summer, nearly half of which was earmarked for food assistance.
John C. Lewis, chairman, said the third-quarter performance continues the upturn for Amdahl through the first half of this year.
Always, Dr. King was a great inspiration to all of us." Forty-three percent of imported aerosol cosmetics contained chlorofluorocarbon compounds banned as propellants by the United States 10 years ago, the Customs Service said Monday.
The first gorilla twins born alive in captivity in the Western Hemisphere will be permanently separated next week when one is shipped to a Nebraska zoo.
For 1986, the company had a loss of $1.9 million, despite an extraordinary gain of $248,000 from the pre-payment of long-term debt at a discount.
The Big Board has already scheduled a hearing in connection with its disciplinary charges against Drexel, people familiar with the matter said.
The current versions of Tax Adviser and Personal Tax Planner leave capital gains tax out altogether. The expensive programs are edging towards the sort of thing an accountant might use.
The Chamorro-Godoy ticket was approved with the minimum 10 votes out of a possible 14 after five rounds of voting Saturday.
Rooth's argument is that the Conservative majority in the National Government, led by Neville Chamberlain, was enacting the protectionist policies championed by Chamberlain's father, Joseph, in the 1890s. Public opinion was also pro-protectionist.
Yesterday, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading, its common closed at $36.25, up $1.
We don't need no stinkin' tax law.
Even determining whether the high caused the jet stream to split, or the split jet stream trapped the high, is difficult, Livezey said.
Yet you must perform the preliminary phase of the operation with some degree of dedication or you will pay for it later.
Leon J. Perelman, 77, operated the Perelman Toy Museum in Philadelphia until a robbery in August in which a caretaker was bound and held at gunpoint by two men.
The summer London sales are crucial for the auction houses, and for dealers, because they represent the "bread and butter" sales of midrange paintings and sculpture.
Saunas have flourished longer than another immigrant legacy: social radicalism.
Association members are Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines and Brunei.
And it will likely weaken any calls for more sanctions by members of the British Commonwealth at the group's annual meeting next week.
Bush favors a constitutional amendment to overturn the 1973 Supreme Court decision, Roe vs. Wade, that legalized abortion.
And some Democrats already have raised the possibility of mounting a filibuster, which can only be stopped if there are 60 votes against it.
In any case, most visitors enter through the underground parking garage, as visitors enter so many things in Los Angeles.
Five policemen were injured by stones and 14 Palestinians were wounded by rubber bullets.
In such programs, formulas in the law automatically decide how much money will be spent.
Volume Thursday was 375.0 million shares, compared with 405.9 million shares Wednesday.
They also have received assistance in such matters as organizing stock exchanges and modernizing banking.
The Dallas maker of defense electronic systems cited a reduction in investment income and higher-than-expected costs of research and development of some high-technology products.
That way they can charge more for products because there is less competition.
"I believe," the three-term governor says, "that what has worked in Massachusetts and in New England can work in every state in the nation."
(X) "Rescue: 911 Special," CBS, 9.8.
The OSI accused Rudolph of working thousands of slave laborers to death building Nazi V-2 missiles during World War II.
Officials in the Finance Ministry and Bank of Japan deny that leaks are an accepted practice, and say they rarely occur.
"With all this moisture and coolness and poor germination, you get shallow root development," said Richard Loewy, president of AgResource Co., Chicago.
MGM-UA's chairman and chief executive, Lee Rich, declined to identify the suitors in Monday's announcement.
A federal district court in California issued a preliminary injunction against Home Box Office's HBO Video division in November, prohibiting it from distributing the tapes until the legal dispute between Vestron and Hemdale is resolved.
Iceland immediately exploited a whaling commission loophole by beginning a program of "scientific whaling," arguing that it couldn't assess the status of its whale populations without killing and examining a number of whales.
"That would be a classic race," he said, while not sounding optimistic that it will take place.
A passenger jumped into his hands with a burning nylon jacket.
Catalyst Energy Corp., New York, said it had a third-quarter loss because of a $3 million charge for a California hydroelectric project and other investments.
Most reveled with the sound of African drumbeats, Jamaican reggae and American jazz.
The Soviet Union is Iraq's main arms supplier.
Highlighting Bush's pro-defense stance, two aircraft carriers rested at anchor across the harbor as the vice president spoke to a sun-drenched Labor Day audience of several hundred people outside a wholesale fish company.
The U.S. frigate Jack Williams, a sister ship to the Roberts, went to the tanker's aid from about nine miles away.
Rather than erecting trade barriers, the U.S. should work to reduce its budget deficit and increase savings and education, the study said.
An administration official who briefed reporters on the package earlier shrugged off questions about why the domestic market was being treated differently than the imports when the weapons have the same firpower.
Kirk, in Atlanta, said those talks had not yet resumed, although he said aides to the two men had spoken.
Congress plans to adjourn in early October.
The prime minister devoted most of her remarks to more than 3,000 people at the Aspen Institute to her vision of the new Europe.
A $470-million, five-year government effort to clean up Seoul's Han River apparently has succeeded, but about 100 farmers recently demonstrated at a zinc plant in Onsan, outside Seoul, claiming their crops were being damaged by sulfurous acid.
It marked the fourth nationwide balloting since President Corazon Aquino took power three years ago and Ferdinand Marcos, the president for 20 years, fled into Hawaiian exile.
The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.45 to 464.15, a 0.1% loss.
"Pakistan is in a period of transition," she said. "We don't have a direct military rule; we have an indirect military rule, or we have the iron fist in the velvet glove.
For all of fiscal 1986, the company posted a loss of $421,000 on sales of $47.6 million.
In London, share prices were firmer near the day's peak at the close as participants reacted to the steadier dollar and a firm early trend on Wall Street.
Bob Jones, an Armtek spokesman, said the company's board had no immediate comment on the new offer, which covers all outstanding shares and associated preferred stock purchase rights.
Richard Loewy, president of AgResource Co., Chicago, said some analysts and speculators had predicted that the early-August dry spell would trim yields sharply below the level actually estimated in the government's September report.
Those two small EC members represent $12.6 billion of our $13 billion surplus with "Europe."
All offers were refused.
Bush also met Monday with Lane Kirkland, president of the AFL-CIO.
The foundation's stock was non-voting; voting stock belonged to the Fords.
A lot of them know that the Post-it notes on their desk come from 3M, but don't realize that the company makes more than 50,000 other products as well, 3M admits.
He said Iran's Boeings were regularly serviced in Western Europe and that complex maintenance operations are done abroad, or by foreign engineers specially flown in for the purpose.
Once there, 40 police officers will search for bodies.
The move is likely to harm his chances, once seen as good, to become the country's prime minister soon.
Cheaper still are in-house lawyers and paralegals.
Two weeks ago, Shamir proposed that the Egyptian leader meet with him on U.S. soil to try to find ways to resolve the Palestinian problem, but Mubarak turned him down, Pazner said.
Disclosure of information about customers' bank accounts is prohibited, except in criminal cases.
In late April, sprouts poked through the dirt in a spot where tomatoes used to grow.
In a statement in the semi-official Akhbar al-Khaleej newspaper, the minister said the cabinet made the decision because of difficulties in anticipating oil revenue.
If the USDA prevails, there are no provisions in the law to let the meat be donated to feed the hungry, said U.S. Attorney Dexter Lehtenin.
He said it likely would take place in Cuomo's Manhattan office.
The price drops weren't surprising in the wake of an industry report on U.S. oil inventories considered bearish by many traders.
Sessions said, however, that he agreed with the Customs Service that peeling and deveining imported shrimp does not constitute a "substantial transformation" of the product.
Authorities raided 15 suspected boiler room sites Monday in Manhattan, the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens, and on Long Island in Hempstead and Massapequa.
Merchants National spokesmen couldn't be reached for comment.
But since the fighting actually began Jan. 16, oil prices have tumbled back to the $20-a-barrel range.
TVX Broadcast Group Inc. said Monday that Paramount Communications Inc. has acquired preferred and common stock of the Virginia Beach-based independent television station owner for $110 million.
Suspicious fires destroyed or damaged 32 cars at a parking lot near the New Tokyo International Airport before dawn today, and police blamed radical leftists opposed to the airport's expansion.
Those deficits mean that Americans are handing over billions of dollars to foreigners to pay for imported products.
While Bush was quick to pounce on Dukakis' opposition to the MX and Midgetman, he was slower to admit that he could not afford both, if elected.
Eduardas Potashinskas, a Lithuanian activist who monitored today's parliament session, said speakers announced that the Kremlin decreed a stop Tuesday to Soviet supplies of paper and wood products to Lithuania.
About 40 smaller lightning-caused fires burned Friday in the Flathead River drainage of northwestern Montana.
Whether gilts will remain a help remains an open question.
One source said the average worker, who now takes home 910 yuan ($246) a year, will soon get an extra 30 yuan a month, equal to a 28 percent raise.
Many need to lower their rates altogether.
Although the FT is a financial paper, it is still taking too much liberty in assuming that all of its readers are no more than financial zombies.
A civil rights leader indicated today that an agreement was near that would lead him to call off protests during next week's PGA Championship at a heretofore all-white country club.
ACC is a telecommunications company.
And some foreign intelligence agencies do "bag jobs," searching briefcases and luggage that executives leave in hotels.
The Ivory Coast constitution allows opposition, but those who have tried to activate such political groups have been harassed and their groups have been refused registration on technical grounds.
Newly elected Russian President Yeltsin called for the resignation of the Soviet government and said he would seek sovereignty for the republic.
Mr Peter Churchouse, managing director of Morgan Stanley, said: 'The government is absolutely appalling in its land policy.
He calls Ms. Pedler a gifted organizer and the "glue" that has held the affiliate together.
A sense of the two Germanys' separate identities emerges by comparing people in parallel professions in the twin towns of Jena and Erlangen.
Ostensibly, he was in town as part of a long-scheduled program to impart U.S. management skills to the Soviet executive branch.
The banks may question some of those assumptions. Of the debt to be rescheduled, only Dollars 300m is unsecured.
In addition, McDermott International eased 1 to 30 1/2 after reporting that its loss from continuing operations for its fiscal fourth quarter, ended in March, widened from a year earlier.
The change of registration prefix in August is supposed to stimulate the appetites of the car buyer.
A new study by Information Resources Inc., a Chicago-based marketing research company, indicates that aspirin sales were flat in February and fell slightly in March, the last months the survey covered.
If this continues, U.S. interests could be hurt.
Lurie's family was given exit visas in 1979, but the authorites revoked them on the grounds of state secrecy because her husband worked in a classified job as a organic chemistry researcher for two years in the 1960s, she said.
Vegetable consumption climbed from 152 pounds per person in 1982 to 170 pounds last year and is expected to continue to increase, according to the Central Marketing Association for German Agriculture.
The Babylon office employs about 125 workers and has an annual payroll of about $3 million.
Cheney met with King Fahd in the Saudi capital of Jiddah before flying to Cairo.
Three hours later, troops spotted the guerrillas in a ravine. "We fired, and they didn't have much choice but to die," 1st Lt.
She has performed live for millions She has a platinum album (more than a million copies sold) for her "Greatest Hits."
We have just seen this in the UK, where a record for net sales was set in March. Mutual fund sales have, of course, long been a key indicator for contrarian investors.
Staley, based in the Chicago suburb of Rolling Meadows, is a holding company formed in 1985.
He agreed to repay the money and an equal fine.
The merger is scheduled to be voted on by holders of both companies Dec. 19.
A 0.5 per cent increase in food prices was more than offset by a 0.8 per cent decline in the cost of energy. The 'core' producer price index, which excludes food and energy, fell 1 per cent.
They smashed the display cases, destroying the inventory.
"Without the help of the West, we cannot establish a successful market system," Shatalin said.
The 8-month-old wasn't fooled when the stopwatch that had looked so interesting was covered with a cloth. He yanked the cloth away.
Many have adopted export-led structural adjustment programs and if a recession, however mild, is added to the growing trend in trade protectionism in the West, those programs could stumble and fall.
Waving his arms and shouting with his forlorn wife, Elena, seated nearby, Ceausescu branded as lies the charges that the couple was responsible for the deaths of 60,000 during their 24-year reign and the crackdown on protesters last week.
In the primary market, Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG, Austria's export credit agency, found fairly good initial demand for a $200 million Eurodollar fixed-rate bond.
"I really don't feel angry or vindictive or anything toward the people I was involved with at that time," Miss Harper said in a recent interview.
Politicians can encourage cooperation, but they can't really impose it from above.
China has refused to exclude the Khmer Rouge from a future Cambodian government but has said it is willing to reduce its assistance to the Khmer Rouge and other guerrilla forces as Vietnam pulls out.
Ms. Klein told the court she lived with Mahroum in the West German city of Fuerth from April 1984 to December 1985, and that the two were still on friendly terms up to late last year.
Williams said he was torn by conscience as a believer in "redemption" and "forgiving your enemies," saying Jesus Christ and the late Martin Luther King Jr. would approve.
At least five police officers and two students have been hurt in the attacks, but no U.S. personnel have been injured.
LTV Steel Co. of Cleveland, a subsidiary of Dallas-based LTV Corp., plans to sell its Ohio-based steel bar division as part of the parent company's reorganization under federal bankruptcy laws.
This is the place London's 20/20 magazine called "New York's hippest club"?
Someone asked for wine, but there wasn't any.
The business-information concern said the earnings decline was due in part to "a high single-digit decline" in revenue at U.S. Credit Services and a sharp rise in costs relating to the company's repositioning actions at that division.
"It was the most heavily fortified rock house we've seen in a couple of years," said police spokesman Cmdr.
By the year 2000, at least 15 countries will be producing their own ballistic missiles, he said.
A government social worker arrives to offer a lesson on home finance and the rules of a free housing market.
Assistant Bucks County District Attorney Gary Gambardella said he plans to ask the Pennsylvania high court for a rehearing and may appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
If the test proves successful, it could allow blood contaminated with the virus to be detected and thus prevent transmission of the disease through blood transfusions.
There has been price-gouging: "I have heard of people charging absolutely exorbitant prices," Mr. Schwartau says.
Motorola has about 65,000 workers in the U.S.
The sources said another Navy officer was en route to the Persian Gulf to relieve Balian, a decorated Vietnam combat veteran.
But, most regrettably, matters took a course contrary to what we, the Islamic and Arab nations and the entire peace-loving world, were seeking.
In the 16-county Southwest Florida Water Management District, which includes St. Petersburg and Tampa, mandatory water restrictions have been in effect since February.
A significant quake is defined as one reaching 6.5 or higher on the Richter scale or a lesser temblor causing significant casualties or damage.
He says: 'There are conventions of 80,000 people in Atlanta and you don't even notice.' The city recently completed the construction of the Georgia Dome, a 70,500 seat stadium that will be the venue for the 1996 basketball and gymnastics competitions.
More than 6 million Jews were killed under Nazi rule.
The story goes that a special committee headed by George Washington visited Mrs. Ross in June 1776 and asked her to sew a flag based on their rough design.
Donald Trump, chairman and controlling shareholder of Resorts International Inc., made a tender offer of $84 million, or $15 a share, for all the company's Class A common shares.
The 82nd is a division of the 18th Airborne Corps.
In such cases, an accountant's report will add very little. Next, these reports are generally undertaken by the insolvency practitioners, who have a clear conflict of interest.
That's 9 cubic feet more than the Bronco II.
In Tokyo Wednesday, the Nikkei index retreated 206.76 points to 25504.
The major utilities, criticized for keeping excess capacity, scaled back investment at the same time electricity demand was racing ahead at nearly 7% a year.
"All these subjects are still under discussion, and there is an effort by Mubarak and by other friends to reach an overall solution to all these questions," Arafat said.
The server also makes a connection among several units of the company, one of the seven regional telephone companies formed with the break-up of the Bell System.
Specialists say impeachment would require two-thirds support in both the House of Representatives and the Senate. The Collor government is trying, through judicious spending of public money, to muster the 168 votes he would require to survive in Congress.
In addition, the three are subject to forfeiture proceedings on virtually all money they have made through their Drexel dealings since 1984, an estimated $1.85 billion.
Last year was a relatively poor period for taxable bond funds, which finished the year ahead 4.26%, compared with 9.44% in 1989.
Schmidt was released by his captors in September in what they said was a "goodwill gesture," but Cordes is still being held.
The Democrats focused on New York and its April 19 turning-point primary with 255 delegates, with Michael Dukakis and Albert Gore Jr. both waging war on drugs.
But I am not sure it is right.
The 16-member council that governs this town of 40,000 declared von Wernich unwelcome and last week asked the church to remove him.
He took a middle path on the current campaign against "bourgeois liberalization," which he defined as denying the Communist Party's primacy and advocating capitalism over socialism.
Other neighbors let officials park cars in their driveways.
In the Dutch Ten Oever case last year, the court ruled the Barber judgment did not apply retrospectively.
Also on Tuesday, the Long Island newspaper Newsday quoted intelligence sources as saying Nir kept in contact with U.S. intelligence officials until his death.
Keating was then a Cincinnati businessman and founder of the anti-pornography group Citizens for Decent Literature.
Most of the Maronites remaining in the north are old people who mainly work the land.
But the only snarls were from West German border soldiers, who delayed the convoy so a veterinarian could examine the dogs.
The CED finds still another reason to worry about the level of portfolio investments by foreigners.
The proposal is also likely to run into opposition from another group of creditors whose raw material contracts were voided by LTV after its bankruptcy-law filing.
Groves of apple trees were replaced with stalks of marijuana.
Linnas is to be transferred to an Aeroflot jet for the flight to the Soviet Union.
Such economic paralysis, in turn, feeds the JVP cause.
When covering this kind of wood when a house is new, look over the various kinds of stains and pigmented sealers on the market. Manufacturers of some of the pigmented types say they are more durable than the clear coatings.
The arrests stem from a police investigation into the suicide of Patrick Vick, a Church of Scientology member in Lyon who jumped out of a 12th floor window in 1988.
Desert conditioned its modified offer upon receiving enough shares to give it 85% of USG voting shares.
But then so have most governments been in the history of the world, except for those that have been third-rate or diabolical.
Justice Scalia obviously wasn't making any promises about eventual Supreme Court rulings without doing his own research, but his off-the-cuff assessment is intriguing, certainly indicating an openness to the constitutional argument.
The circumstances of the shooting have never been disclosed.
"There would be less clients if the raise was decided because the fees would be brought up sharply.
Iran's Khomeini has appointed a high-level committee to supervise talks for the release of foreign hostages held in Lebanon, according to the editor of the Lebanese magazine Ash Shiraa.
Prices guaranteed for 30 days!"
The action "reflects weakened and volatile business conditions which placed the firm under financial stress," the ratings concern said.
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines gained 5/8 to 18 3/4.
The agreement is being taken seriously because, unlike the previous one, it includes participation by Ivory Coast, the world's top producer.
Under questioning from her attorney, William G. Schick of Moline, Ms. St. Charles said she wasn't trying to block the investigation, but was concerned that investigators may have given false information about the church to members.
When the company offered cash-back deals on the vehicles last December and January, sales soared.
The Census Bureau's monthly report of an August soybean crush of 92.8 million bushels contained no surprises, analysts said.
For policyholders with contracts in excess of $100,000, payment on values above $100,000 would be about 72 cents on the dollar if the muni-GIC decision is upheld and about 89 cents on the dollar if the decision is reversed.
In addition it would limit provider liability, give tax credits to employers with on-site child care and offer a double tax exemption to families in which a parent stayed home for six months to care for a newborn.
Kroger said the restructuring would involve substantial but unspecified bank loans, pay shareholders $48 in cash and securities per share and allow them to keep their stock.
An ITT spokesman said the service isn't unique, but it's the first time it has been offered by the company.
The firm acquired the bonds, which have been trading in the 50 cents on the dollar range, about the time Revco failed to make a $46 million semiannual interest payment on the junk bonds last June.
Light sweet crude, the benchmark grade, fell $1.96 to $25.92 per barrel for October contracts Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The most enduring symbol of Soviet commitment to manned spaceflight has been the orbiting Mir space station.
Corsican brotherhoods, impossible fish stews, bad Humphrey Bogart movies.
Management agreed to a 15,000-zloty ($38) monthly pay raise, but the total included some raises already promised, and said Solidarity activists fired after the imposition of martial law in 1981 would be rehired as needed.
Mrs. Marcos is on trial in U.S. District Court on charges of using embezzled money to buy New York properties and finance a lavish lifestyle.
Jim Peacook, president of CWA Local 1314, said June 29 that ballots were being mailed to a union post office box in Boston, where they would be counted.
One of the board was great friends with Peter Wolff, who runs S. R. Gent, a clothing supplier to Marks & Spencer.
But the same poll showed 62 percent opposed the presence of American forces in Saudi Arabia, home of the Moslem world's most sacred shrines.
Mid-America plans to begin developing a cooling system next year in downtown Cleveland.
The biggest failing, however, comes from showing Marlowe as a Faustus figure believing in Dog not God, leading to lines like 'Dog help me' and 'Dog Almighty'.
But late last year, shareholders voted to change the fund's investment objective, so that it also could invest in bankruptcies and distressed securities.
Uno resigned to take responsibility for the July election loss, leaving the Liberal Democrats in their worst crisis since the party was formed in 1955 and began enjoying uninterrupted rule.
At that stage the local authorities had different ideas to us about the way forward. 'Since then, we have serviced all the outstanding land and gained planning consents for much of it.
The only passenger vessel that serves the Christian heartland came under Syrian fire at the port of Jounieh north of Beirut today and fled back to its home port in Cyprus, police said.
Many of them return to visit relatives, to donate money for social services or to invest in local enterprises.
He is a leader of the whole deaf community." _ Gallaudet University student Sherri Lambert, commenting on the uproar caused by the appointment of a new president of the college for the deaf who is not deaf herself and does not understand sign language.
Professionally, he was 82 and 7, won the New England lightweight crown, and came within one fight of a world title shot.
Also prominent as a Dole supporter was former White House Chief of Staff and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, who served with Mr. Bush in the Nixon and Ford administrations.
But on Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average was 10.31 points higher at 2,136.56 as London trading ended Thursday, having opened about 4 points lower.
The press in general does a good job reporting on the foibles and the gaffes and the slips of a president.
The researchers said such symptoms of the infection as abdominal pain, fever and nausea are often confused with those of acute appendicitis, chronic bowel inflammation, gastric ulcer or gastrointestinal cancer.
In the small Montana town of Gardiner, north of the park, starving elk are eating ornamental hedges, trees, and hay donated by sympathetic people.
He or she is billed to appeal to all ages and the illusions relate to pictures in the collection.
For "Impulse" she prowled the mean streets of Los Angeles with a homicide squad to soak up how the police operate.
Norton said it would "vigorously oppose" the BTR suit, and filed its own suit in federal court in Boston seeking to enjoin BTR's tender offer and to stop BTR from soliciting proxies.
But Mr. Casey never shared this information with Mr. McFarlane, according to Senate investigators.
The average on new 26-week bills climbed to 6.24% from 5.98%.
On Wednesday North Korea's first deputy minister for foreign affairs, Kang Sok Ju, will make his first appearance before the General Assembly.
He did not elaborate on what if any legal guarantees would be taken that the party was giving up its leading role.
Banning other widely-consumed drugs such as marijuana has not significantly reduced their consumption.
The new attitude reflects the fact that, for the first time since Korea was divided in 1945, most Southerners believe that unification is close at hand.
On Thursday, a paramilitary squad run by the powerful Medellin cartel declared it would wage "total and absolute war on the government, on the industrial and political oligarchy," and others the drug lords consider their enemies.
We even have our own little pool going here at the store just in case," said Adria Singleton, assistant manager at the Ramona Village convenience market in Chino.
Jordan's relations with its powerful northern neighbor are lukewarm, mainly because it opposes Syrian's military presence in Lebanon.
In the 17 years that Ling-Ling and her mate, Hsing-Hsing, have resided at the zoo, the pair have had a variety of troubles mating and delivering cubs.
Rashad Shawwa, a Palestinian leader and a former mayor of Gaza City who was twice deposed by Israel, died Tuesday of a heart attack, family members said.
When the betting is over, the players still in the game must lay down their cards.
He understood the strengths and weaknesses of George Santayana, who had been one of his teachers at Harvard.
The team is travelling to Kiev, Odessa and Moscow July 28-Aug.
"They are in the courtyard of Europe.
Medellin, a city of 2 million people in northwest Colombia, is the the headquarters for Colombia's biggest drug traffickers.
An insurance company paid more than half of the $825,000 cost.
Bieber said the proposals from the Big Three would figure heavily in the union's selection of a target company.
Also, they are loaded heavily with commission and are less tax-efficient.
It would require unusually favorable weather for the company to earn the about $3.10 a share that some analysts have projected for 1992, he said.
South African state-of-emergency regulations in effect since 1986 restrict reporting about unrest, security force actions, treatment of detainees, some forms of protest, and a broad range of statements the government considers subversive.
The three universities have not even demonstrated a theory of how the process works.
The "ooohs and aaahs" were quickly drowned out by a piped-in Hallelujah chorus from Handel's "Messiah." It was, officially, Christmastime in the city.
It was no surprise, because the nation's No. 1 brokerage lost money for the first time since going public in 1971.
'Are you crazy?' shouted Andreas.
On any tax legislation, Rep. Rostenkowski repeated his intention of wanting support from President Reagan first.
Manhattan's Park Avenue synagogue for the second successive year airlifed Passover supplies to Soviet Jewish congregations in Moscow and Odessa _ two tons of matzoth, wine, gefilte fish and other kosher foods for Passover.
The Paris-based International Energy Agency is similarly sanguine.
The swim club's pool policy became the talk of the town, though, after it refused to admit the black church members who were part of a group of 66 who had spent the day renovating a dilapidated home.
In the Navy, you used to have people do it for you," Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner told Busey before swearing him in on a stage decorated with the bright FAA banner.
And there is the ceaseless round of Tinseltown parties, where celebrity-spotting becomes a form of delirium tremens.
Danielsson's 330-ton corvette is armed with artillery and depth charges that could sink a sub, but much of its weaponry is intended to punch holes in the hull of a sub and force it to the surface, rather than destroy it.
Typical buyers are people in their late 30s and 40s who shared the rebellious spirit of the times and yearn for something more tangible than their memories, says Heise, who recently added a shelf of out-of-print books by the Chicago Seven.
He said police found it difficult to operate in the occupied territories after the PLO called for the resignation of Arab officers, noting that only 300 policemen now remain in the occupied lands out of the previous 850-strong force.
The couple agreed to accept $75,000 from the nationally syndicated "A Current Affair" to talk about their romance on the air.
You have to live with a score and let it settle to see if it sits properly with the audience." In London, too, preview periods are much briefer than on Broadway, so that adjustments are more easily made after the opening.
The initial margin on futures trading on the Simex was raised from Y1m to Y1.25m, while additional margin was raised from Y800,000 to Y1m. Activity centred on speculative issues.
Police said the attackers were unknown.
All indications suggest, though, that the Reagan-Nakasone summit will not be about monetary policies.
And, despite all its new-found enthusiasm for Elsie, Borden won't spend more than $3,000 to purchase its live symbol.
And while cost is always an important consideration when hiring a professional, the most important consideration is the quality and appropriateness of the advice.
It was originally suspected that the attackers were ivory poachers.
That figure is estimated to have risen to 60 per cent and only a quarter of the service is now estimated to be white. However, almost all power within the service lies in white male Afrikaner hands.
Erik Johnson of IPL said about 56,000 homes had experienced outages at one time or another since Thursday afternoon.
Bond's decision to separate himself from his company was intended to entice bondholders to approve these steps, Lucas said.
Miners in the Maritime Region (around Vladivostok) are not providing for the power-engineering workers' requirements, and there aren't any deliveries from other areas. 'Power stations are already using up reserve stocks of coal.
A deranged South Korean taxi driver deliberately mowed down 19 people in Seoul, then injured 17 more by driving into the crowd which gathered to help his victims.
"I want a tuna-fish sandwich," he tells his assistant.
He gets here 30 minutes before work," said Gary Creel, store director at the supermarket.
"It was surprising to hear the options broached.
"The boat people, in order to make the operation more difficult, pushed their women and children to the front," said Security Secretary M. Geoffrey Barnes.
Columbia Pictures' recent record at the box office has been dismal.
That comes a week from tomorrow, the day Bush confronts a troublesome West German ally at a NATO summit in Brussels.
The settlement called for Snohomish to pay $48.6 million for its 13-percent share of the project.
I was the daughter of an officer.
But Motorola surged 3 3/4 to 83 3/4 and peaked at 84, marking the second consecutive session in which the stock set a 52-week high.
Mr. Murray assumes the perspective of a healer in the South Bronx, and tries to imagine what cancer could have invaded the community and forced individuals to act so unnaturally.
Despite his requests for some money, Eastern supplied him only with a razor, toothbrush and comb, he says.
The Coast Guard has so far refused to incorporate this option into its proposed rule-making.
Soriano said his company would give the equivalent of $5,000 to each to the families of the two workers.
After the attack, gangs of armed men roamed the capital's deserted streets, stoning two radio stations and the headquarters of two political parties opposed to the government of Lt.
Declaring the country "a kingdom of lies," a leading Roman Catholic clergyman Sunday accused the military of hindering an inquiry into the massacre of six Jesuit priests.
They both feared that if they stayed, they would end up fighting in another civil war.
On Friday, 100 passengers refused to board an Avianca plane in Barranquilla when it was learned that a leftist congressmen was going to be aboard with 25 bodyguards.
According to the teacher, the anthrax epidemic began after some cows grazed on the site of a burial ground for animals that had died in an anthrax epidemic in the 1920s.
The U.A.E., a member of the Gulf Cooperation Council, was the fifth of the GCC members to sign the accord after Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman and Bahrain.
A report released Tuesday said the fan disk of the jet's rear engine had a hairline crack less than a half-inch long before the plane's final flight.
Such is the proud sense of company identity. The downside is that singers feel no obligation to give a minimum number of performances.
Critics of the Senate bill said almost every defendant facing a death sentence would claim to be mentally retarded under the legislation.
"It was a setback for our party as far as our original goal was concerned," said Lee, who also chairs the Nationalist Party.
Nortek agreed to drop its takeover bid for Rexham.
The company said, however, that the divested operations will serve as an independent WTC agent in South Africa.
Main Street Toy has shipped nearly 1 million of "The Original Slap Wraps" since the fad started this summer.
The 20-member study group, in a 153-page report, also said that if the patient is incompetent, a properly designated surrogate should have the right to make this choice for the patient.
The company said sales for the first quarter were "consistent" with a year ago but added that earnings have been hurt by weakness in the tire building and automotive markets it supplies.
Thursday's first defense witness was former top CIA analyst David MacMichael, who testified that during his 1981-83 tenure the agency organized and directed the Contras against Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista government.
The Interior Ministry statement said the defendants brought the explosives with them from Kuwait, where they also trained on using them.
Unions achieved their stated goals in three of 10 campaigns studied, won something in two but walked away empty-handed in four, he says.
This means that the orbiter had dropped into a lower orbit." Such a maneuver would put distance between the two craft since a lower object orbits faster.
The pilots face the stiffest opposition from 23,000 machinists, who make up the airline's largest union.
The government had considered retrospective validation of the contracts and mandatory restitution.
U.S. and Vietnamese officials will meet next week in Hanoi to discuss joint efforts to search for Americans missing from the war, administration spokesmen said Thursday.
"We smash it down with a fork and then measure how much it sprang up," says tester Marsha McNeil.
"Herb the Nerd was a trumped up deal," he said, while the search for Valerie is just "a minor thread" in a campaign that relies on realism.
The broadcasters, not wishing to offend those who grant the licenses, voluntarily tone down criticism of elected officials.
"Bush knew better than anyone else how frustrating such rumors are and wanted to put them to rest," said an administration official who spoke only on condition of anonymity.
Under the threat of Iraqi missiles and air raids, Iranians vote Friday for a new parliament that will be a key factor in determining the course of the Islamic revolution.
He was so unhappy in what he called the "dummy class" in Denver City, Texas, that she took him out two weeks early last spring.
The number of political prisoners in Soviet mental institutions may have declined sharply, but the abuse of psychiatric practices remains widespread, an international group said Monday.
Clinical Data's revenue growth largely stems from increasing world-wide sales at its 60%-owned Dutch unit, which sells blood-analysis equipment, Mr. Stein said.
Whether the Soviets will be allowed to inspect the B-2 bomber to ensure it is not equipped to carry long-range, air-launched Cruise missiles armed with nuclear weapons, as the United States has assured them.
The agency will not rule on Michigan's panda request until at least June 6, said spokesman Dave Klinger in Washington.
Haji and hajah are the titles for men and women who have made a pilgrimage, or haj, to Mecca and performed certain acts required on a pilgrimage.
An even stronger majority, 74 percent, rated lobbyists' ethical performance as "only fair" or "poor." Lobbyists pervade the lawmaking process, representing businesses, unions and other organizations that have an interest in proposed laws.
But most were poorly researched and largely ignored. Mr. Cusumano claims to have done the most thorough, quantitative analysis of the issue, and his work is turning heads in the U.S.
This would seem to be an essential precondition for reunification.
Despite the relatively smaller size of the young population, children's diseases continue to threaten youngsters.
An example of a critical subject that is part of this discussion concerns who will be the operator of a field when there is a joint-venture association with YPF.
In his 1988 year-end report on the federal judiciary, Rehnquist threw his weight behind a presidential commission's recommendation of big pay raises for judges and about 2,000 other top federal officials.
The savings and loans had recently been given permission to change their charters from savings and loans to federal savings banks.
But they all failed to settle the quarrel over whether the Khmer Rouge should participate in Cambodia's political future.
Washington has sent investigative medical teams to Vietnam and encouraged private aid, but has not lifted an embargo on official aid imposed to protest Vietnam's decade-long occupation of neighboring Cambodia.
Hurricanes gain their strength from the energy transferred from the warm ocean waters to the air and clouds above.
During the past two or three years, I have lent my eldest son a lot of money to help with his business.
Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Dole welcomed the court's decision, saying it "reaffirms the administration's commitment to eradicate blood borders and rid our highways of drunk drivers."
Taking into account the company's recent secondary offering of 300,000 newly issued common shares, the per-share projection of $1.25 would indicate net of about $2.8 million.
Gencor has announced its R2bn rights offer, the largest in the country's history, has been priced at a 14.5 per cent discount to the market price.
Paper companies generally have been reporting strong earnings gains because of cost-cutting measures and a weaker U.S. dollar, which has revitalized export markets.
Earlier this summer, Mr. Thornburgh was shocked to find himself blitzed from the right when Senate conservatives shot down his choice of Robert Fiske to be deputy attorney general.
Nevertheless, "we have to recognize that policyholder confidence is probably at an all-time low," and in recent months has become a more significant factor.
"Nothing is defined or signed at this point," Mr. Daly said of the talks.
This took an hour and 45 minutes, the first part of which involved standing in a long queue in front of a sign that read not "Foreigners" or "Nonresidents," but "Aliens."
Ronald Lauder has spent $8.5 million so far in his quest to become mayor, more than any mayoral candidate in New York history, according to a report.
Convinced by Ohio Republicans that Mr. Blackwell was the man to beat Charles Luken, Washington party officials recruited the HUD official for the job.
"We still are concerned about growth and about preventing a recession.
One allows losses on holiday lets to be offset against the owner's income.
Moreover, his ultimate deduction is complicated by the provision of the 1986 tax act that now limits miscellaneous personal deductions.
Foreign transactions accounted for 18 percent of the total dollar value of all U.S. equity market transactions last year, the subcommittee said, but they represented more than 30 percent of the suspicious trades reported to the SEC by stock exchanges.
On Monday, Baker told NATO allies that Saddam he expects may pull some of his troops out of Kuwait by Jan. 15 - the U.N. deadline for an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait - in an effort to split international opposition.
Biden's blue cap covered the scar on his left temple where the surgical incision was made.
The army said seven of the dead ranged in age from 18 to 21. It withheld information on the eighth victim.
Many keen skiers regard Argentiere's Grands Montets as the best ski mountain in Europe, particularly in powder.
One takeover stock trader predicted yesterday's developments could boost UAL's stock price by $5 a share today.
Sugar for March delivery ended 0.29 cent a pound lower at 8.57 cents.
We were more frightened of the implications of making the wrong decision.' The brief was to find a long-term solution.
No other candidate this year has attained such high marks for visibility, desirability and viability.
I shall look at some of the options next week. The author is former director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and was a special adviser to the former chancellor, Mr Norman Lamont.
Shortly before Christmas, Stuart viewed a lineup.
We haven't addressed that yet."
"I was trying to create a cover story at the time for what Joel had done," Ms. Nussbaum testified.
Is the stock's rally for real? Yesterday, longtime bears at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette changed their one-year-old "unattractive" rating on the stock to "moderately attractive."
Exports rose by 27% and capacity use was close to 90%.
Sullivan walked away with the Democratic nomination, receiving 88 percent of the early vote against motorcycle mechanic Ron "Suds" Clingman, who had called for lowering the drinking age to 18 and decriminalizing drugs.
Note his dominant position when he sits on the centre of the settee and knows he commands the stage.
The invitation followed a meeting of shareholders, who granted directors the power to restrict further share purchases by foreigners if the purchases threaten Wilson & Horton's current application to the New Zealand government for a television license.
"There are even candidate members of the Politburo who learned that troops had entered Afghanistan only after reading the newspapers," editor Grigory Baklanov said in a speech last year.
While some presidents followed Washington's precedent, and some state governors did as well, President Lincoln _ despite being faced with the dark specter of civil war _ renewed the practice of proclaiming a national day of Thanksgiving.
One major theme emerging from Mr. Bush's trip to Kiev, an ancient city dotted with golden-domed churches, was the key role of personal liberty in assuring the prosperity of a state.
The move follows the decision announced Thursday by Britain's chief scout, Garth Morrison, to admit girls.
"I would tell people I was a cameraman since I was also doing camera work.
Legislators said the media statute was modeled after similar legislation in several West European countries.
More money went into a bank in Durant.
Teacher union representatives left the governor's office without comment about 10:45 p.m. Tuesday following a second day of talks.
It was the third time Prime postponed the meeting, which previously had been scheduled for May 12 and June 15.
Separately, the stock exchange denied a report that it has assembled a published "league table" of firms with the highest number of unsettled transactions.
Consideration of additional steps to aid Poland has been prompted by two developments, the official said.
Judge Bork does reject the notion "that under the Ninth Amendment the court was free to make up more Bills of Rights."
For New Yorkers, losing the Post's gossipy Page Six would be like losing an institution.
"The police contacted us early yesterday because they said they had this address," First Lutheran Pastor Robb Grimm told The Miami Herald.
Permit me to discuss with you for a moment just what's at stake in this whole matter of the defense bill, and in doing so, it's important to begin with some historical background.
House prices have dropped by up to 40 per cent.
Even by Wall Street standards, the financial terms of Mr. Cohen's severance pact are eye-openers.
He is 62 years old and his knees ache.
"Current growth could fairly be described as profitless," the AEA said in a statement.
Members attending ANPA-TEC saw the difference and demonstrated an overwhelming preference for the Leaf." If an AP member newspaper does not want an AP Leaf Picture Desk, it may keep its present photo receiver or accept a two-minute receiver.
Both economists, along with many others, predict that capital spending may remain fairly sluggish in the months ahead, partly because of the tax-law changes.
It makes The Evil Dead look like Mrs Miniver.
First, he can broadly continue his programme - as Mr Boris Fyodorov, the finance minister, yesterday urged him to do by showing 'political will' in face of the nationalist surge.
Small investors should pick specialized stocks with strong earnings potential and hope that the dollar won't fall much lower than its recent level around 1.82 marks, analysts say.
The inflation rate will increase next year.
The principals of Providence, a group of alumni of Jefferies & Co., have likewise advised shareholders in numerous tilts against management.
And you also wrote off depreciation on the house while it doubled in market value.
"We are not hiding anything.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl said in an interview with the ARD television network that he was "alarmed" by the Republicans' showing in West Berlin.
Passenger luggage underwent double-checks, and the Kyodo News Service reported a security effort more intense than that at the Seoul Olympics.
The demonstrations have been held to mark the second anniversary of the Palestinian uprising against the Israeli ocupation of the West Bank of the Jordan River and Gaza Strip.
Soon, lawmakers began trying to remove other special funds _ covering money set aside for transportation, banking and other programs _ from the deficit computations.
The fragmentation was acceptable when Chicago stuck to beans and bellies, but it does not work in the era of index arbitrage, when traders simultaneously do business in multiple markets.
In Geneva, the International Red Cross today appealed for $357,000 to provide aid _ mostly food and medicines _ to earthquake victims.
In the football battle, the bickering sides will face off again soon in a Minneapolis federal court over the union's antitrust suit.
He said he later assembled the crew to tell them the news, which they took quietly.
The drug, which helps to boost a patient's immune system, was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in late February.
A&E has 15 episodes ready for air.
"Quit this damn hype" that all types of cholesterol are bad for everybody, Mineur told the committee.
Under Blue Arrow's sweetened bid made last month, Manpower holders are to receive $82.50 a share for their holdings, for a total price of $1.34 billion.
The Red Cross will provide "someone to talk to and some stress counseling," said spokeswoman Michele McCrillis.
With the prospect of war looming, the militia is reported to have been deployed in some numbers across Kuwait, occupying abandoned homes and government buildings.
Mr. Iacocca's first wife, Mary, died in 1983 at age 57 after an extended illness.
The commuter aircraft are expected to have an even sharper passenger growth from carrying 27 million people last year to carrying 58 million annually just before the turn of the century, according to the FAA's latest aviation forecasts.
Patrick Mphephu, 63, the president-for-life of Venda, died Monday.
Until the two smaller concerns get their designs off the ground, the Boeing plane will continue to enjoy its monopoly position.
Kurtiz Schneid, 16, said the success of the anti-plastics campaign led to formation of a West Milford ecology club and to new initiatives.
BANKERS Trust, the highly- regarded US banking group, suffered a 19 per cent fall in first-quarter earnings.
Shouting over the rumble of a dual carriageway, he talks almost exclusively about social issues, and the rising tide of petty crime which he links to the 9.9 per cent jobless rate. 'Everywhere you go, the most pressing problem is unemployment.
He said the power of the stations will be lowered, therefore lowering the electromagnetic emissions.
Zoos, exhibits and reptile breeders all over the United States and Canada are bidding for a 20-foot python found under a home after reportedly having slithered around the neighborhood for years.
Anti-war and anti-abortion activists are working together in some cases.
It also showed that Dukakis and Jackson each got about 40 percent support in New York City.
He was scheduled to go on trial Monday, but jury selection has been delayed.
The rate cut would be effective Dec. 19 for both types of savings accounts.
Do you happen to have money in a savings and loan?
Market watchers were reluctant to draw conclusions because trading volume remained light.
New York Stock Exchange volume averaged 195 million shares daily in the quarter.
For that reason, Mr. Bacon steers clear of calling them Ritzy Maes.
"My parents named me Peggy Sue, for God's sake.
PBGC lawyers said after the ruling that they would appeal to the U.S. District Court, where earlier in the day they had attempted unsuccessfully to have Judge Lifland's hearing delayed.
There was a sound-track by Sylvia Hallett hideously right for the event. The closing Corpus Antagonus was made by the admirable Russell Maliphant for Ricochet Dance.
Some partners are said to favor a stock offering while the market for such a new issue is still strong, sources at Goldman said.
This suggests that American businessmen don't share Mr. Hick's apocalyptic view of China's policies toward Hong Kong and its future.
Some estimates have placed the film's cost at $63 million.
French retail prices increased 2.1% in November from a year earlier and 0.1% from October, the National Statistics Institute said.
Humberto Ortega estimated the number of Contras in Nicaragua at 2,000 and the number in Honduran camps at 4,500, about one-quarter the number Contra leaders claim.
And Hispanics are awakening nationally as a political force.
The company publicized its high hopes in slick publications and news releases.
'The Dutch made a serious proposal to restructure La Seda, but it was not accepted and they just walked away,' Mr Negre says. VW is not walking away.
Sony rose 290 yen to 6600 yen ($2.22 to $50.56), Nintendo jumped 1400 yen to 22000 yen, and Kyocera gained 240 yen to 6460 yen.
Kottke, who often appeared on Keillor's radio show, "A Prairie Home Companion," is more upbeat than Keillor, kind of like an aging kid brother who veered off temporarily into Zen Buddhism somewhere back down the line.
They hide behind their anonymity, launching everything from trial balloons to false but fatal allegations.
Daily trading volume, which last month was valued at an average of $1.6 billion, plunged below $15 million on most sessions.
The MMC will report in the spring.
A Tampa Tribune sportswriter was arrested March 30 in what police said was a five-month investigation into a crack cocaine ring.
In exile in Bolivia and Argentina, Prestes became a Marxist and moved to the Soviet Union.
Both Goldman and Mr. Freeman began heavy buying of Beatrice shares and options after announcement of the bid.
Clerical and salaried workers are being offered incentives of from 12 top 65 weeks' pay, depending on seniority, to quit, said Brendan Houlihan, senior director for human resources.
How could it be otherwise in a society where so many are "latchkey" children, gathered with their elders only to eat and sleep?
Lions, not to mention unicorns, had better steer well clear of Britain if the pom population follows the lead of the Australians.
So I have an enormous anger and have to make a decision.
President Anwar Sadat expelled Moscow's military advisers in 1972, and Egypt since has become Washington's closest Arab ally.
Its turnover has dropped from Pounds 16.6m in 1988 to Pounds 10m last year following a worldwide slump in orders. The company has been run by a team of administrators from KPMG Peat Marwick for the past two months.
Then, as now, Americans said freedom of the seas was at stake.
Negotiations were to continue today on sick leave and other points.
A man convicted two years ago for landing a small plane on the Champs Elysees had his pilot's license suspended today for three years for flying 1,000 feet over Paris on a bet.
This rises to more than 8 times if about Pounds 3m gains from player sales, notably Paul Gascoigne, are deducted from the forecast.
About 400 firefighters and several archaeologists worked to contain the blaze Tuesday.
The renewed attention to generics stems from disclosures of improprieties that so far have been confined to a few generic drug makers and Food and Drug Administration employees but that some fear could be more widespread.
Two-way trade reached $4.9 billion in 1987 _ about 1.8 percent of Japan's trade _ and is expected to hit $4.98 billion this year.
Barbara Bush and Raisa Gorbachev flew ahead of their husbands to Camp David and were on hand to greet them amid a formal naval welcoming ceremony.
'With benefits, we enter a kind of crystal maze of traps, tapers, withdrawals and disregards,' says Mr Davies.
Last week, the Supreme Court left intact a preliminary injunction that barred Hallmark from selling 83 "Personal Touch" cards.
I think people should have a right to belong to a group." Strasser, 21, was a member of East Side White Pride, a group advocating white supremacy.
The borrowings are ultimately repaid from the cash flow of the companies or through sales of assets.
But for now, the prospect of the upcoming elections does little but complicate the already problematic task of reaching a budget compromise.
Burma's worst riots since democracy was overthrown 26 years ago have left at least 80 people dead this week, and unofficial reports said many victims were unarmed students and Buddhist monks.
A spokesman for the Dallas bank couldn't be reached for comment.
One said the specifics of its monitoring program were a closely kept secret.
Their anger over tax increases is matched by concern over crime and dismay over the state of the health and education services.
Central banks that bought dollars to halt the currency's slide ranged across the board, from the Bank of Italy to the central bank of Australia, said Marc Chandler, a currency analyst in Chicago for Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Mr. Gollust recently climbed Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania.
The office grew into a heavyweight in the 1970s, as then-booming oil prices poured billions into its coffers.
'You have to make sure they know they're important to you.
L. Harold DeWolf, later told me that Dr. King would telephone him in the midst of these crises, sometimes in the middle of the night.
She lived long enough to give police a description of her assailant.
"Maybe we overreacted when we shut down the plant," he said. "They only made it through one line of defense.
Caterpillar dipped 1 7/8 to 65 1/4 despite reporting a $118 million profit for the first quarter, compared with an $84 million loss a year earlier.
The prosecution has asked for a murder conviction against Hussein Hariri.
Meanwhile, foreign investors have been big sellers, while individuals have stepped up buying.
Kirby died two years after Bubba was taken, and Buddy recalls, "When we lost Bubba, he sulked so bad it was just like his life was gone."
U.N. peacekeepers are in charge of monitoring the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan, the Aug. 20 cease-fire between Iran and Iraq, the Cuban pullout from Angola and South Africa's exit from Namibia.
If the preliminary finding of fetal cells in mother's bloodstreams is confirmed, it should be possible to do the same kind of genetic tests on those fetal cells as are now done on fetal tissue samples obtained through amniocentesis.
The District of Columbia, whose minimum of $4.85 is the highest in the country, actually has seven other "minimum wages," all of which are lower than $4.85.
Fyodor Morgun, head of the State Committee for the Protection of Nature, has said that pollution levels in 102 Soviet cities affecting more than 50 million people are often 10 times higher than Soviet laws permit.
Today, a lot of children across America struggle with problems. With a little help from a good school or a great teacher, today's stuttering child could be tomorrow's keynote speaker _ today's potential dropout could become tomorrow's Thomas Edison.
If the agreement doesn't receive court approval, the company said it may be required to repay this advance under terms and conditions to be negotiated at a later date.
The official emphasized that the banks made a new application to the central bank, which customarily oversees their quarterly lending levels, but that approval is pending.
The committee also wants the holders to have the right to call shareholder meetings whenever it wants.
Once the August crude contract pushed above the $17.30-a-barrel barrier, the market "just jerked" higher, said analyst James Steel at Refco Inc.
At the time, ADN said he was suffering from an "acute gallbladder ailment," but made no other mention of Honecker's condition until today's report.
I remember particularly the line that goes 'you can't go to jail for what you're thinking'.
The Independent Electoral Commission, which managed South Africa's national and regional poll last April, has recommended to the government it urgently implement a set of electoral reforms.
In mice, an average of about eight live animals are born for every 20 micro-injected embryos.
Palapa B-4, with another 24 channels, should prove a good source of revenue as each can be leased for at least $1 million a year.
Utility and state officials say new technology to burn high-sulfur coal cleanly won't be ready by Bush's deadline, and that power plants would have to switch to expensive low-sulfur coal mined elsewhere.
Send "How I Got Into College" a thin letter.
None of this would bind the Soviets, of course, since it wouldn't be a formal treaty.
The violence broke out a day after Israel launched a crackdown on the uprising by ordering 10 Palestinians deported after accusing them of planning a series of anti-Israeli attacks and riots.
Silver was quoted in London at a bid price of $6.22 a troy ounce, unchanged from late Monday.
In this case, Larry's story checked out.
Gold trading was halted on Good Friday.
Imperial Savings Association, a unit of Imperial Corp. of America, said it sold $100 million of 9.375% collateralized notes in what it says was the first such transaction secured by high-yielding corporate debt known as junk bonds.
Because of just-in-time delivery, the UAW can shut down assembly plants, some of which have more than 5,000 workers, by striking a critical parts plant that employs far fewer people.
I'm not sitting by the telephone." Kemp, addressing Republican delegates on the convention's opening night Monday, pledged to continue the Reagan revolution.
Both Merrill Lynch and Mr. Matl settled the agency's charges without admitting or denying any wrongdoing.
He is saying the right things.
Prudential responded on Thursday afternoon by notifying Aetna Centre's tenants that it was seizing all rents from the property. The move to assign rents appears to have caught O&Y by surprise.
In none of the three areas in which it operates is it on a par with Europe's leaders.
Wright is chairman of the national convention in Atlanta and as such will attract lots of national television time during the three-day gathering.
Reagan administration budget requests for the agency declined from $51 million in 1982 to $41 million in 1989.
Another bill extends the statute of limitations for shareholder suits.
And it is pretty awe-inspiring.
The archbishop persuaded the youths to call off a planned march from a high school to a police station, where they intended to demand the release of several students and teachers detained in recent weeks.
He was that way before, and why I don't quite know," said Corlies Smith, who was instrumental in publishing one of Pynchon's first stories in the early 1960s.
Saudi Arabia, Venezuela and other oil-producing countries are against drastic price rises, arguing that they would "suffer the consequences (later)," Perez said.
The other eight had opened for 'slicing' the previous week and the extraction process was already well under way.
Mr. Baker drew scorn from some Wall Street types for his careless comments on the dollar immediately before the market crash.
Some feel the momentum of accusation and tension between the United States and Libya will be difficult to stop.
As for Unilever, it had obviously failed to anticipate how violently P&G would react and how ill-equipped it was to handle the onslaught. Until the end of May the Anglo-Dutch company just about managed to hold its own with consumers.
(The Kabul government) has been rejected by the people of Afghanistan," he was quoted as saying by the official Pakistani news agency APP.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Circus Circus shares fell 62.5 cents to close at $24.875.
A witness with a videocamera filmed the attack, which appeared unprovoked.
"It's employees like these who make our guests feel safe," she said.
His insistence that electronic rather than human exploration is the wave of the future brought him into conflict with the group manning Alvin, the famous miniature submarine.
Federally mandated improvements in benefits account for very little of the increase, they said.
"When something is that widespread and popular, it's difficult to attack it successfully," he said.
Many Wisconsin communities canceled fireworks because of the fire danger, so more than 580,000 people jammed Milwaukee's Lake Michigan shore Sunday for a 4,000-shell display.
Paramount's lawyers accused me of being a crybaby because I had signed such a lousy contract.
After the delay, John Paul chatted with the king and other members of the royal family for 10 minutes.
For Japan's trade with the Common Market and Asian countries, the gold factor makes less difference, but again the trend is to balance.
And to hunt down those bears that nevertheless remain destructive, the authorities are increasingly giving special permits to sport hunters, leaving less work for professional hunters like Mr. Paque.
Allegheny International Inc. said Thursday it will move Sunbeam's headquarters from the Chicago area to the offices of its Oster appliance unit in Milwaukee, where office rent is cheaper.
Daiei said it will soon sign an agreement with Visa International allowing it to issue an internationally recognized credit card.
They sing clever things _ "I Thought He Was Mr. Right, But He Left" _ and wear a lot of animal prints and semi-naughty corsets.
He was born into the church, but he said few are, only about 10 percent.
IBM, three times the size of its closest rival, has been the most spectacular victim of the changes.
"By being baptized, you will be saved," Swaggart said as Matthew Aaron fidgeted beside him.
A grand jury may be asked to investigate possible criminal wrongdoing related to last week's crash of the Boeing 737-400 at the end of a LaGuardia Airport runway that killed two passengers, according to a source in the Queens district attorney's office.
In a poll by the respected Wickert Institute, 82 percent of the 2,710 West Germans surveyed said they want all military air shows stopped.
"With more single-parent households, more working mothers, and more children in poverty, school lunches are more important than ever," the Citizens' Commission on School Nutrition said.
Less than a mile north, Mirage Resorts Inc. plans to raise a $300 million pirate-theme Treasure Island casino for more budget-minded customers.
The racial difference in cervical cancer rates is "substantial and persistent," the Atlanta-based CDC said.
Trading was especially volatile in Tokyo after Monday's near-record drop.
"When I shot from the hip, I fanned.
What saved many farmers from a bad year was the opportunity to reclaim large quantities of grain and other crops that they had "mortgaged" to the government under price-support loan programs.
Along with property, it also created a new screen-based futures market for arabica coffee.
A Generali spokesman said it hadn't any hostile intentions against Midi, but that it would have the financial "capacity" to buy an additional stake.
Pepper had represented the 18th district since it was created in 1962.
The issue of a trustee who would assume control of the airline from Texas Air Chairman Frank Lorenzo was at the heart of the collapse of Ueberroth's $464 million deal to buy Eastern.
It suffered no casualties in the first attack July 7. But its British captain and two Filipino crewmen were killed in a Jan. 28 raid, when the Salverve was towing a tanker damaged in an Iraqi air strike the day before.
"They have periods of six, eight, 12 hours of intense restlessness based on anxiety," Predescu said.
"With the trademark question out of the way, this allowed us to launch ourselves into the market," Diez said.
Bottles of volatile chemicals shook off their shelves and started a fire that gutted part of the science building.
Calculate it as a percentage of the bid price.
Sometimes small children travelled alone to join parents or other kinfolk.
"If the Merc closes down at night and allows Tokyo and London to establish markets in its commodities, it might decline faster," said Paul Tattersall, executive vice president for Globex, which intends to start by next summer.
Despite a strengthening of the dollar over the yen yesterday, investors apparently are confident that the yen is on a firming trend, observers said.
Japanese studies in the 1970s suggested that this overgrowth of blood vessels could be halted and the eye allowed to develop normally if the sclera, the white of the eye, is frozen briefly.
Half that capital must be 'tier 1', shareholders' equity; the other half is 'tier 2', such as subordinated debt. Ten years ago, when the capital standard was first proposed, Japanese banks had tier 1 ratios of about 2 1/2 per cent.
IMA also has agreed to assume $1.42 billion in debt, giving the acquisition a total indicated value of about $3.35 billion.
Earnings for the sector known as the individual bank rose 49% in the quarter to $130 million.
Scientists are trying to determine how to counter bone marrow depletion, which results from prolonged space flight.
He said flood damage from a dam break on the pond, which has a capacity of 23 million gallons, could be greater than the risks posed by toxic substances.
Two-thirds of the songs on the juke box are by Sinatra.
To say that one move will lead to another is a familiar method for blocking moral progress.
If they deserve punishment, they should be punished."
Its sole merit as a potential party of government is that it has not been discredited by appearing to rot after too long a period in office.
Yesterday's announcement surprised and disappointed analysts.
The Biennale gets no money from the NEA.
A guard at the Sears department store that anchors one end of the mall said guards from the store chased the boy after Monday evening's shooting, but he escaped.
Zayre said its discount store sales were "well ahead of last year" but it said sales were still "substantially short of our expectations, both for the year and the Christmas season."
In December alone, industrial production rose 0.3% from a year earlier and a seasonally adjusted 2.9% from November, the ministry said.
Executives speculate that between six and ten licenses will be awarded.
Six Indian-made satellites have been sent into orbit by space agencies in the Soviet Union, United States and Europe.
It also shut down an Ohio Edison Co. substation, cutting power to 4,170 residential and business customers, said spokesman Bud Carter.
"All the checks will be delivered today," said Evansville Postmaster Ed Hayes.
It's hard to describe, but once you get to fooling with them, you realize they are very responsive birds.
Israel has resisted both demands and Shamir's caretaker government has even stepped up settlement construction in recent weeks.
"My hat's off to him.
Mr. Mulroney told reporters Saturday that he remains confident that the Conservatives will win the election.
When Mr. Kozol simply lets these people tell their stories the effect is, as it could hardly fail to be, very moving.
South Korean President Roh Tae-woo left for San Francisco Sunday, saying that his talks with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev would open a new era in relations between the two once hostile nations.
"I'm sorry it happened," he said. "It tears me up." The shooting of an opposition politician on the eve of the first multiparty elections in Soviet Georgia has created an atmosphere of fear and acrimony in this republic.
Did Elder accept the criticism?
BTR rose two pence to 337 pence.
Yair Klein's firm, Hod Hahanit, or Spearhead, advertised in the Spanish-language edition of the directory in 1988, a year before Mr. Klein was accused of training Colombian drug warriors.
The results announced Monday came as little surprise to analysts, who predicted a large loss back in November after Lockheed announced it would take a $300 million write-off because of unexpected design changes on a new Navy plane.
West Roxbury is a predominantly white neighborhood and one of the more affluent sections of Boston.
He said that one of Mission Insurance's major creditors, M.J. Whitman & Co., New York, is also a partner in Kramer Capital.
Commerce Bancorp Inc. said it executed an agreement to acquire Citizens State Bank for about $10 million.
It doesn't take much to create a crowd in Beijing, they said.
He said he planned to keep the property as is.
CMS dropped its payout in 1984.
Rebel leaders say that amounts to a call for surrender.
Building permits, considered a good sign of future activity, fell 8.2 percent in January to an annual rate of 1.25 million units, the lowest level for permits since January 1985.
Several analysts suggested that if the trade deficit for August narrowed to less than $14 billion, the dollar could be buoyed against other currencies, further depressing precious metal prices.
Mr Whittaker feared some members of a 20-bank consortium would have wanted unacceptable conditions to renegotiate Peel's debt. Although Peel has cash of Pounds 109m from Pounds 200m of property sales in the past 12 months, it has Pounds 336m of debts.
But hours earlier banking officials scrambled to explain Dimauro's news release.
The thinking behind a possible merger of the main Swedish, Dutch and Swiss telecoms operators has merit.
'What we are seeing is the Labour party doing well enough in the south and south-west at our expense and making it possible for the Conservatives to hang on.
Democrats - Aspin, Y; Kastenmeier, Y; Kleczka, N; Moody, N; Obey, Y.
But he called that unlikely.
But by law his family is entitled to part of it.
Canadian National Railways, the Canadian government-owned railway company, agreed to sell its Newfoundland telephone utility to Newfoundland Telephone Co. for 170 million Canadian dollars (US$138.6 million).
"Many people have asked me if I am angry at the way I have been treated by the school.
St. Croix is at least 75% black, and the looting seems to have been a very understandable attempt by the black poor to get a more equitable distribution of the island's resources.
But some analysts, particularly conservative legal scholars, have urged Mr. Bush not to wait for explicit authorization but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto.
But Merck spokesman said Gary Bruell said Recombivax costs between $128 and $148, "and thus our price is comparable."
Then they spent $1 million in seven days, and got the job done with less than 24 hours to spare.
The styles are designed for her age group.
The execution was carried out in July 1941, Truhar said.
The statement added that the officials "re-emphasized their common interest in more stable exchange rates" and "they agreed to cooperate closely on exchange markets."
Mesa's general partner, T. Boone Pickens Jr., said the change to a corporation should help attract institutional investors and encourage investors to value the company based on its natural gas reserves rather than on its dividend yield.
They were turned back at the border, their disappointment aggravated by blistering heat, she said.
Many grain traders had expected the Soviet Union to use its first batch of credit guarantees to buy primarily corn and soybeans to feed livestock.
"It's the most fantastic thing I've ever seen," he said.
This compares with a 1.5% drop in wholesale energy prices in March 1989 from the year-earlier period.
Roger F. Bacon for promotion to vice admiral and assignment as commander of Atlantic Fleet Submarine Forces, and Rear Adm.
The brokers' main argument is that the new warrants provide more leverage than the older ones.
"You can't assemble it gradually," he said. "You can't have the carburetor working while the starter is idle.
Eastwood, known for his tough-guy roles in such films as "Dirty Harry" and "Sudden Impact," was fined $53 and ordered to pay $10 in costs.
The prime minister-designate met Saturday with Socialists, Republicans, Liberals, Social Democrats and his own Christian Democrats to agree on a program and a list of cabinet ministers for what would be Italy's 47th postwar government.
Instead, Mr. Bush said a sequester would cause big cuts in "student grants and a wide array of other domestic services." Student grants?
Monohan said there was "absolutely no evidence" that the buzzer had been disconnected, and said nurses responded in "15 to 20 seconds" after they heard Ms. Seitz's screams.
"We have a tremendous bonding with these veterans," Timperi says. "There's a very strong sense of common experience.
For the first time in memory, more people wanted a new person than chose to retain the incumbent.
But converts to the bullish view are slow in coming.
By comparison, the government's import promotion plan, unveiled with much fanfare at the beginning of the year, promises to increase imports by only about $3 billion a year.
It was expected to produce heavy snow during the weekend in the mountains of Washington, Oregon and northern California.
"If he had shaken hands with Mayor Clark he would have had to jump over the podium and would have dragged me with him, because I was tugging on his coattails," said Miss Royals.
Its directors intend to restructure Texaco as soon as the company comes out of bankruptcy-law proceedings, a source close to Texaco said.
By the beginning of the 20th century, the development of modern skis made the Saint Bernard's snow-trampling skills obsolete.
"In cases of clear crimes, party people will be punished.
The complaint filed by Kathleen Nunes, a three-year employee of Great Expectations Inc., alleged the service taped its clients as they talked about past romances, and used the recordings in sales pitches.
To take the case of Atlanta, seven Japanese banks have set up offices in the city since 1983, joining a Bank of Tokyo operation opened in 1977.
Mr Sharif had been seeking to remove the presidential powers which Mr Khan used to dismiss him, as well to eject Ms Bhutto's government in 1990. Mr Sharif described the judgment as an important milestone in Pakistan's history.
While happy his network was second this season in the Nielsen ratings, with an average, prime-time rating of 13.7 to CBS' 13.5, Stoddard said the performance really was "not that terrific."
Here's a bunch of turtles that were blown up when they removed the rigs."
Coors has run out of capacity at its only brewery and will struggle this year to meet consumer demand for its fastgrowing Coors Light and its new, popular-priced Keystone.
Next week, the Treasury will unveil the most ambitious plan for restructuring the banking system since the New Deal, a proposal to shore up the deposit-insurance fund, streamline regulation and expand bank powers.
For all of 1990, Burlington Northern's net fell 2.9% to $236 million, or $3.07 a share, from $243 million, or $3.19 a share.
The service included readings by classmates of Diane and Rick, and presentations of symbolic gifts.
Fire department spokeswoman Carolina de Leon said the bus was on its way from the capital to Antigua when the driver made a sharp turn to avoid another vehicle.
Income growth slipped from 6.5 percent to 6 percent in the Mid-Atlantic states.
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at a price of 98 15/32 compared with 98 18/32 Wednesday.
Syrian and Christian gunners on Saturday fought their fiercest artillery duels in a month around Beirut and the surrounding mountains.
'We will just plod on and prove to everyone that we have a group where growth can be sustained.' The interim dividend is raised by nearly 50 per cent to 2.8p (1.875p) 'reflecting our confidence in the future,' Mr Barker said.
Their legitimacy as leaders rests on their ability to ease living conditions in the territories, and in moving towards Palestinian self-determination.
His spokesman, Erik Senstad, said: "We want NATO to stay the way it is, with Germany as a member." _ French officials are staying out of public debate on details of NATO's future.
But "the U.S. economy is still soft," he said.
The group would be modeled after one established in 1985 to promote bank-fraud prosecutions, said William Hendricks III, head of the department's fraud section.
Police said a police brigadier and lieutenant who chanced by on another security mission tried to chase the running gunman, but he killed the brigadier and badly wounded the lieutenant.
Rowan reported on the president's comments during an interview on WUSA-TV in Washington on Monday evening.
Prices have never swung as wildly as the new limits would allow them to swing, and exchange officials emphasized they are not trying to predict the size of the swings that would be possible during a sudden oil emergency.
He seems a resourceful man, who would not be caught out by the playful antics of his young vixen; a degree of mature wisdom, of worldly depth is missing.
Mike Kampsen, 33, organized the concert in part to please his father, Herman, a longtime Cash fan who sings with a local band called Country Cruisin'.
But sources at the company say Paramount would more likely consider buying some publishing assets from whatever entity buys all of Harcourt.
I don't know what will happen when we are put to the test. What does 1992 mean for Spain? It is profoundly important.
Canada's telecommunications-equipment maker is encountering the same problem that AT&T has found in the U.S. equipment market: slow growth.
However, traders said, steel shares generally remained strong as expectations of a discount-rate increase faded because of a decline in Japan's September wholesale price index.
Because voice messaging can forward calls to be recorded if a subscriber's line is busy, company officials say they expect the new service will eliminate the need for answering machines, which do not have that capability.
This is essentially the strip of rubber that molds a sole to the shoe's upper, but Nike argued that its new technology is fundamentally different and not covered by the law.
Under the plan announced last month in Ottawa, the two Germanys will first discuss their common approach to unification and submit that to the four World War II allies.
Washington, whose own normalization of relations with China was in part spurred by common concern over the Soviet military threat, has welcomed the Sino-Soviet rapprochement, saying it will ease tensions.
"Animal control said the caiman variety was illegal to possess in the United States," the deputy said.
The remaining operators will undergo an "extensive assessment process" to determine whether they are qualified to return to their jobs, the company said.
Turkey approved the proposal a few weeks ago, he said.
A New World spokesman declined to comment.
Every boards' compensation committee opens with: "Here is a graph of the compensation of the 50 largest companies in America, and our sterling CEO is in the third quartile."
They met Lhasa's only outgoing flight each morning and intercepted the few dozen passengers in hopes of obtaining updates on conditions in the city.
So far, all but a handful of UAW local leaders have refused to ask their members to take vacations en masse during a scheduled two-week shutdown to begin July 20.
A six-page manual advises that when an alarm sounds, people should stay calm, gather essentials, lock their homes and head away from the radiation source without speeding.
But unlike other issues on Capitol Hill, when it comes to arms sales to Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries, there is no perceived middle ground.
Abdul Haq Ulumi of the Afghan supreme military council said last week the Soviets were supplying with new MiG-29 fighters and the latest Sukhoi-27 ground attack jets to defend against a possible Pakistani attack.
We consider it not only reprehensible but a punishable offense to insult in any way the human dignity of the inmates."
"I have a good head and a good pair of hands.
Now, Avaray's new marketing agent says that all but one house in the development have been sold.
The government thwarted students' attempts to march to the bordertruce village of Panmunjom for a meeting with North Korean students June 10, when more than 10,000 students clashed with riot police.
A spokeswoman for Shearson Lehman Hutton said the merged firms won't be hurt by the matter, which involves the sale of municipal bonds in the early 1980s.
Some of this furniture is on show, but the great Pugin sideboard was destroyed in the Windsor fire of 1992. Pugin's early passion for the Gothic was not a stylistic obsession but a conviction that Gothic was an architecture of principle.
"I get to sing and dance a little," said McShane. "I do a thing with the cane and hat.
Soviet authorities have come under considerable criticism for lack of organization in the quake relief efforts, but many of the area's leaders died or wandered in shock for days after crawling out of the rubble to find their families gone.
"If he lost it all in the futures market, it will be very difficult to pay back," said John Morland, vice president and deputy general counsel of Freddie Mac, which has initiated a civil suit in an effort to recover the money.
"They hear the bell ringing and get up and run." Mr. Gargano, once part of a high-profile group of advertising whiz kids, at 58 years old remains one of the best-known names in the ad business.
The couple divorced in January 1988 and Mrs. Roush was given custody of the daughter.
B.A.T shares were trading below 600 pence as recently as four months ago.
Only 600 have been accounted for, Meisinger said.
The refund plan must still be approved by the bankruptcy court.
Walesa was scheduled to stay in Venezuela for three days to attend the labor summit and meet Venezuelan political leaders.
The most famous State Department spy case involved Alger Hiss, convicted in 1950 of lying to Congress about passing secrets to Whittaker Chambers.
The company cited higher costs of parts and materials, higher interest expense and lower earnings by Brazilian affiliates.
It would trade the fully deployed Soviet SS-24 mobile-missile system for the unbuilt rail-mounted MX missile.
When he didn't collect enough signatures, he went to court.
The Alliance won more than 18 per cent of the popular vote in November, but only two seats.
The state has seized some of Walker's property, including two sterling silver decorative saddles valued at $100,000 apiece.
So they've issued different classes of stock with voting rights that puts most power in family hands.
Not so long ago, the wealthy liked to show off their household help and well-run homes.
Output by government industry is down about 30 percent.
Soviet rock star Victor Tsoi, lead singer of the popular group Kino, was killed in a car crash while returning from a fishing trip in Latvia, the Tass news agency reported Thursday.
I had to figure these things out like any other American, by studying his speeches and reading the newspapers," Regan writes.
The rise in foreign tourism is due largely to the weak dollar, which has doubled the buying power of the Japanese yen and West German mark since early 1985.
Included among them were Sen. Phil Gramm, R-Texas, who was insisting on votes on proposals to toughen sentences for drug offenders convicted of dealing with children, and to deny many federal benefits to some people found guilty of drug sales.
Longworth D. Quinn, chief judge of Detroit's 36th District Court and son of the longtime editor and publisher of the Michigan Chronicle, has died at age 46, apparently a suicide, police say.
One probable loser as a result of the transaction is St. Louis-based Monsanto Co., currently the biggest supplier of ABS-based plastics to GE's $4.7 billion major-appliance business.
The Wellcome-Genentech dispute may have important repercussions for other products and companies in the fledgling market for genetically engineered drugs.
It is the story of Ralph Houk, who replaced the legendary Casey Stengel at the helm.
Key to the financing's success is Prudential Insurance Co. of America, which is considering taking well over a quarter of the securities, sources said.
The July monthly consumer price rise in Mexico _ 1.0 percent _ was the lowest so far this year, according to Thursday news reports.
President Bush ordered U.S. forces to Saudi Arabia to repel a potential Iraqi attack.
The award was in Gau Shan's favour.
Biomedical products had an operating loss of $8 million, compared with operating income of $8 million.
He later converted to her religion.
The letter pushed by Dukakis and Schaefer went beyond a milder mention that Republican Gov. Terry Branstad, outgoing chairman of the governors' organization, and Gardner made in a letter to Bush before the meeting.
Grain and soybean futures prices were slightly higher in early trading today on the Chicago Board of Trade, reflecting stronger cash markets for soybeans and improved foreign demand for U.S. grains.
As the year started, it suggested that aggressive small investors be 95% invested in stocks.
Once more the target date for final ratification has been postponed; by now it is clear that all target dates are largely fictitious; once more the government is using the Danes as an excuse for running away from the treaty.
And I don't think it's going to happen, because I think he is aware, as I am, that rates reduced actually increase the economic growth of the country and provide an incentive for more earnings.
Nonetheless, the company continues to expect that 1990 earnings per share will be in the range of $2.80, Moritz said.
Edward Solbach said more than 300 soldiers have received sposors, and more volunteers are expected to sign up.
The government later raised it to 25 percent effective May 15.
Works councils at Fiat's Italian vehicle plants have endorsed overwhelmingly a complex government-sponsored agreement avoiding large job losses.
At issue is a pollution-exclusion clause standard in most general-liability policies from 1973 to 1986.
The meeting at a resort hotel near Victoria Falls was the first state visit by a South African leader to Zambia, which accommodates the headquarters of the African National Congress guerrilla movement.
For the past seven years the GOP has been riding Ronald Reagan's popularity, and the president's standing slipped this year despite a temporary spurt during the recent summit with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.
One of the lab industry's most persistent critics, Rep. Ron Wyden (D., Ore.) blamed much of the problem on the Reagan administration.
"American troops will be entering a quagmire more complex than Vietnam," said Kevin Zeese, vice president of the Drug Policy Foundation, a Washington think tank that emphasizes the economic and social issues behind the drug problem.
Vatican spokesmen said John Paul was reflecting concerns of Indonesia's Catholic bishops about two proposed laws the church considers unconstitutional.
These catalogs offered a limited selection of merchandise and made shopping easy by taking orders round-the-clock on toll-free telephone lines.
"He was having a tough time, almost from the beginning in terms of pressures, leaks and innuendo about his skills and his relationship with the president.
Iran did not provide an estimate of the damage suffered, according to E. Safavi, a spokesman for the Iranian Embassy in The Hague.
The cost of a costume is so high, they can't afford to take part," said Rio City Councilman Sergio Cabral.
As the report made clear, this was a charge made against the government rather than a statement of fact.
Demand is expected to remain flat, but analysts said the numbers don't presage an industry recession.
Most of the troops in the south sympathize with the Syrian-backed Shiite Amal militia, which has been fighting with the fundamentalist, Iranian-backed Hezbollah, or Party of God, since mid-1987.
Atwater also has been receiving physical therapy and undergoing daily radiation treatments.
That, combined with lower prices, could get GNP back up to zero growth during the first quarter of 1991, he says.
Closer federal supervision is needed to avoid a savings-and-loan style crisis among government-sponsored enterprises providing low-cost loans to home buyers, farmers and students, congressional auditors said Wednesday.
Japan is nearing completion of a package to assist the multinational blockade of Iraq, and it will include sending medical personnel and financial assistance to the Middle East, government officials said today.
Still, many schools, despite shrinking budgets, appear increasingly eager to bring multimedia into classrooms.
Integrated Resources Inc., a struggling financial concern, was dealt another blow when Whitehall Financial Group said it could not obtain financing to buy Integrated's core financial services businesses.
Intelsat's board of governors authorized the rescue attempt during a weeklong meeting in Barbados that ended Wednesday.
Mr. O'Shields remains a director of Panhandle.
It was reduced last week to eight counts when U.S. District Judge Bruce S. Jenkins dismissed a conspiracy charge.
Lawyers for the family and the church won't discuss the dollar figure but say it is less than the German foundation originally agreed to pay for the single manuscript.
But last week, it quietly unveiled new Kent ads that are brightly colored drawings of couples on a beach and at a lighthouse.
Although values have declined as much as 30% in some markets, only a small portion of this decline has been either written down or covered by loan-loss reserves.
According to market sources, yesterday's big block took some unhappy institutional investors out of the stock, cleared out the underwriters' leftovers and put the shares in the hands of investors who saw them as an attractive value at 14 1/2.
William G. Scheerer was named a director of this maker of electronic test systems, filling a vacancy.
"Even if they kill all the hostages there on the plane, we'll never, ever release the killers who are here in Kuwait," he added, referring to the hijackers' demand for the freedom of 17 convicted terrorists.
Reagan is now trying to claim that "the public interest, all of a sudden, favors non-disclosure when a criminal defendant's right to liberty is at stake," said Poindexter's lawyers.
When he first ran for the state Senate in 1969, Wilder was chiefly known only as a criminal trial lawyer in Richmond.
Ortega, asked if moving up elections implied he would hand over power before the end of his term, said: "Power resides in the people.
The officials, who spoke today on condition of anonymity, said at least 2,000 civilians died in the fighting that pits Tamil separatists against the Sinhalese-dominated government.
Some countries may keep spending up because of regional problems.
Count Blasius Strassnitzky is, for my money, Mr. Helprin's most marvelous invention.
With the economy sluggish, incentives are likely to persist, Garretty said.
Fried chicken king Al Copeland may resume his $290 million takeover attempt against Church's Fried Chicken, a federal appeals court ruled.
According to Stephen Goldsbrough, chairman of the Canal Boat Builders Association, the market is growing at a pace to make the recession-hit marine industry envious.
A federal Marine Mammal Commission probe found no major problems with the center's program or dolphin deaths in the past 13 months. That probe was initiated because of reports in 1988 that 13 dolphins in the Navy had died between 1986 and 1988.
A 2-foot metal rod accidentally put in upside-down caused the flaw in the Hubble Space Telescope's primary mirror, NASA investigators said Thursday.
Whittall has been chairman for 11 years.
Connolly's final twist of the knife was his remark that Housman 'will live as long as the BBC'; but it begins to look as if Housman will be the more enduring of the two.
Weakness in government bond prices, reflecting underlying worries over interest rate prospects, wore down the UK equity market towards the close of yesterday's trading session.
State Police impounded the suicide machine, but Circuit Judge Alice Gilbert on Wednesday denied Thompson's request for an order barring further use of the device.
The acquisition is subject to approval by the Federal Communications Commission.
For example, pesticide savings were only $6.74 per acre in the North Carolina piedmont, but were $24.97 per acre in the South Carolina piedmont.
Guild members voted by a larger than 20-1 margin last week for the authorization after contract talks that began nearly a year ago failed to result in an agreement.
Grain and soybean futures opened narrowly mixed today on the Chicago Board of Trade in a calm follow-through to the previous session's early run-up and late sell-off.
'It's nothing short of organised barbarity.' The RSPCA has visited six abattoirs in Spain with the same methods in use at all of them.
But "even with the recalcitrant ones," said Lowrance, "when it hits their pocketbook, they are going to become recyclers." As it is now, many communities go to great lengths to dump their garbage.
"The next stage is to diversify within asset classes, and that process is well under way." Public pension funds, however, raised the portion of their portfolios invested in stocks to 40.1% in 1991, from an unusually low 36.9% in 1990.
Tehran dropped the precondition of branding Iraq the aggressor.
He returned to the United States on Tuesday, and with a lawyer from the group Citizen Soldier, made the rounds of Washington news offices.
The FCC's waiver gave the companies 18 months to comply with federal cross-ownership rules that generally prohibit one company from owning multiple media outlets in one area.
"Once the borrowers knows they are dealing with the government, the likelihood of delinquency increases tremendously," he said.
And work to reconstruct the fields is getting under way.
The FDIC already has made an initial loan of $1 billion to First RepublicBank, pending a longer-term recapitalization plan.
Federated spokesman Jim Sluzewski said late Wednesday evening he did not know when a decision would be announced.
It could conceivably be that the intimidating presence of Postel may have deterred bidders from making themselves known before.
In a recent meeting, he told U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter that he has three priorities in the trade conference: "Lamb, lamb and lamb."
A new advertising agency was hired, the dealer network was revamped and a new marketing strategy crafted.
Bush, offering no new specifics, outlined to the Family Motor Coach Association the environmental proposals he has submitted to Congress.
"The Iranians have scrupulously avoided direct military confrontation with the U.S. and will likely continue to do so," says Gary Sick, a Middle East expert who served on President Carter's National Security council staff.
Many like knowing where their kids are and believe strongly that a job, even if it is only flipping hamburgers at a fast-food joint, builds character and teaches good work habits.
Houses could avoid any party ban just as many have gone around another recent rule prohibiting buying kegs of beer with a house check, he said.
"Moslems and Christians starve alike.
It was the third "captive carry flight test" for Pegasus, which remains attached to the jet during such tests.
It is really the most remarkable thing to see one of this country's major political parties espousing such a vision in the late 20th century.
Apply a spritz of foot deodorant or antifungal powder to keep feet dry and prevent odor or athlete's foot.
Yet ultimately, the president's best hopes may lie in the deferential attitude of many Serbian voters, who have succumbed to his propaganda before and may be persuaded that whatever 'Slobo' says, goes.
Test equipment the Air Force uses to determine the effectiveness of radar-warning receivers and other electronics on tactical fighters has been faulty and unreliable, a new report says.
Milken's lawyers characterized the six felony counts to which he pleaded guilty as aberrations in an otherwise exemplary career.
Applicants for casino licenses in New Jersey must undergo intense scrutiny of personal and financial affairs by state regulators.
For companies that defer ad costs, the new accounting rule will lower profits.
General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. said Wednesday they sold cars and light trucks at an average daily rate of 41,487 during the April 21-30 period this year compared with a rate of 42,772 during the same time last year.
Both the U.S. Surgical and Johnson & Johnson devices are for use in laparoscopic surgery, or surgery that requires only a small surface incision in the skin.
Col. North testified yesterday that he was discouraged by prospects for the initiative in late January 1986, and that Mr. Ghorbanifar, sensing that the sales might fall through, offered the ex-aide a $1 million bribe if he would pursue the policy.
Still, that would trail pre-recession hiring; 66% of the employers say the recession isn't over.
Denmark rejection of the Maastricht treaty will come as a shock to European currency and bond markets which have been priming themselves for an opposite result since the middle of last week.
The $280 million offering will consist of $55 million of traditional tax-exempt munis, $200 million of bonds subject to the so-called alternative minimum tax and $26 million of fully taxable bonds.
The reports on Sunday said Anna Bonomi Bolchini, financier and member of a noted Milanese family, was told that because of her age she would not be jailed while the probe continues but instead must report once a week to Milan police.
The report is entitled "Pulling Together: A Program for America in the United Nations."
It also has a top ticket price of $55.
Indeed, the band had learned all the songs on Michael Jackson's "Bad" album, a special favorite of the Princess of Wales, but decided hits like "Dirty Diana" weren't quite right for the occasion.
On Monday, long lines of would-be voters were lined up at registration centers to beat the deadline.
Meanwhile, central banks stayed out of the foreign exchange market, traders said, because demand for the dollar is just too strong and widespread for intervention to have much impact.
Since most going concerns are worth more than the value of their underlying assets, most corporate acquisitions involve some good will.
No notification was ever considered, officials said, apparently because the U.S. didn't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega, but merely sought to imprison him.
Standard & Poor's Corp. said it lowered to single-B-minus from double-B-plus its rating on the company's $57.5 million of 6.5% convertible subordinated debentures due 2011.
Common Cause, which is seeking new restrictions on political action committee donations, said House incumbents had reaped nearly $70 million in PAC money in 1989 and the first nine months of 1990.
Heimbaugh resigned from the sheriff's department and works as a cab driver and bartender in San Francisco.
Important issues remain to be resolved this summer when Congress debates the regulatory framework of the privatized financial system. Some politicians want tight limits on the bank stock holdings of individual investors.
As Millamant rejects him, she laughs and says 'What would you give that you could help loving me?'; and he replies 'I would give something that you did not know I could not help it.'
Peter Beutel, who specializes in energy for Elders Futures Inc., said heating oil demand has risen as temperatures have dropped. Colder weather is occurring in the United States and in Europe.
Some experts believe that a surplus of carbon dioxide is causing the Earth to slowly overheat, and they warn that such a change could disrupt the global climate.
He is currently appealing against his conviction and sentence. He was convicted for conspiring to defraud the Revenue of Pounds 55m in corporation tax by helping artificially to inflate freight charges for Nissan cars imported from Japan.
Regulators have about 1,000 banks with $100 billion in assets on their "problem" list.
On Monday, the Tennessee senator met with New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, who said some nice things about him but didn't endorse him.
The public controversy over bST is unusual because the FDA does not normally discuss the merits of products before they are approved.
Rollie Estabillio, spokesman for the airline, said the four are believed to be members of a breakaway Palestine Liberation Organization faction led by Abu Musa, who is supported by Syria and Libya.
In another report, the Commerce Department said new single-family homes sold at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 713,000 units in August, up 0.1 percent from July and unchanged from June.
The movie only hints at what drives Patti to the road and the grungy gigs that sustain her.
The executive office, which includes NCR's chairman and president, Charles E. Exley Jr., sets general corporate strategy and policy.
But that agreement did not preclude investors from suing their brokers.
In New York, a dollar bought 151.15 yen, down from 151.70 yen late Friday.
"We believe Ambassador Glaspie is an outstanding professional," Fitzwater said. "She has represented her country well and correctly." She was in London, en route to Washington, when the invasion occurred.
South Korea's National Assembly opened its regular 50-day session, during which it is to vote on a new constitution and revision of laws for a transition to full democracy.
There are no other properties we are aware of across the country that fall into this category.
Forbes, whose worth has been estimated at $400 million to $1 billion, had made his last birthday, in August, his biggest.
The Pentagon dened any U.S. involvement in the ground fighting.
Citicorp's decision on Tuesday to take a huge earnings charge, after a major increase in its loan-loss reserves, raises questions about ailing BankAmerica's own treatment of its huge cache of troubled foreign loans.
Deficit cuts are proper when the economy can stand some reining in without worry about its caving in.
But Connally said he believed they would also walk off the job in sympathy.
Apex, however, currently owns 10.7% of Coeur d'Alene.
Canada's Senate on Friday approved a sweeping agreement that virtually erases trade barriers between Canada and the United States.
But you should consider the cost and whether it is appropriate.
Some conservatives took on the gay and lesbian rights movement too.
The CBI message may yet seep into the general consciousness, confirming what people know from experience to be true.
Manufacturing industry's order books are at their best levels since mid-1990 and manufacturers expect to increase output over the next four months.
'People were not taking out any insurance,' the company said. 'It was leaving us liable for the extra cost incurred.'
The J's are different.
One of these sources, all of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity, said at least 11 ships were heading home without new orders to pick up Mideast-bound cargo.
To imagine, on the strength of recent statistics, that the issue that has bedevilled economic management in postwar years has disappeared could prove over complacent.
Treasury officials said $15 billion of this year's borrowing will be used to replace high-rate certificates of deposit at some of the 262 failed thrifts already under government control.
The only faster knockouts in heavyweight title history were Jim Jeffries' 55-second victory over Jack Finnegin in 1900, Michael Dokes' 1:03 win over Mike Weaver in 1982 and Tommy Burns' 1:28 defeat of Jem Roche in 1908.
Raise 'em three videocassettes and a comic book or we'll shut 'em down.'"
"You can't legislate against insanity," the Conservative Party legislator said Thursday.
But Republicans accused Democrats of racial hypocrisy by refusing to give Lucas a chance to gain experience in the job.
However, the 12 EC states made no promises to contribute to the cost of deploying U.S. troops in the Persian Gulf.
Instead there are sudden, arbitrary switches for variety's sake, with colourful patches which hark directly back to Stravinsky, and for emphasis some blatant Hollywood effects (scored with unblinking crudity).
Railways Minister Ding Guangen was forced to resign in March to take responsibility for the accidents, which were blamed on negligence or poor enforcement of safety rules by rail workers.
"They found me not guilty of crimes I never committed," he said.
But in the Silesian coal fields, where Poland digs a quarter of its dollar-earning exports, diehards occupied just one pit.
In 1945, he left school to put his language skills to use as an interpreter for U.S. soldiers assisting the Nationalist army.
HonFed has since paid down its goodwill assets to $80 million, using cash from earnings.
By far the biggest internal migration was the flow of two million blacks from the agricultural South to the factories of the North, which began during World War I and lasted for three decades.
In St. Paul, Miller said the FBI had asked the airline not to disclose any other details about the threat, including where or when it was made.
Japanese banks and investment funds were said to be strong buyers near Monday's lows.
The dollar rose 1.4% against the yen Monday after the G-7 failed to boost the yen, as was widely expected.
But only Christen was set free on Wednesday.
Now they too can have a new life, and as evidence we have not only "The Cocoanuts" but Mr. Wager's previous work on "Animal Crackers," which is currently having a successful run at the Huntington Theater in Boston.
"Sales of floating stocks will be according to our provisional production level," Mr. Aghazadeh said.
Firstly it does not want to, and secondly, there are difficulties of comparing prices in east Europe with those in the west. 'In principle we support the EC's efforts to liberalise trade with that part of the world,' says Mr Lever.
If there was ever a lawyer-of-the-year award then Jean-Claude Piris, head of the legal service at the European Council, deserves it.
Miss Valaziotis was in stable condition with a broken jaw and bruises.
Since utilities are required by law to keep trees away from lines, state officials were considering action to recover about $10 million in fire suppression costs from the companies, including Pacific, Gas & Electric Co., which use the line.
The clearance came as Lord Young, secretary of state for trade and industry, decided not to refer the proposed purchase to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission.
In one incident, a grenade-like device exploded on the lawn of the Shapiro family home, a modest ranch-style house on a tree-lined street.
Mortgages originated by Legal & General PLC.
A physicist reported Wednesday the discovery of a new superconducting compound that he believes may work at minus 100 degrees Fahrenheit, potentially setting a new temperature record for superconductivity.
Acid rain also can include nitric acids formed from pollutants called nitrogen oxides.
International Business Machines was up  at 116.
A total of R2.4bn was involved in this guarantee.
On Nov. 13, Ampco made an informal request for representation on Midway's board.
The cheapest seats _ now $9 _ will double in price, while the most expensive ones will jump from $66 to $93.
Sugar for March delivery ended 0.3 cent a pound lower at 8.55 cents.
In 1972, Ms. Rajender, an assistant professor of chemistry and the only woman in the department, was denied promotion to a tenure-track position.
"It only makes sense to wait for the day before to get something more reliable and up to date," he said.
Elections for a national assembly are set for Nov. 7-11 and independence is expected early next year.
The bill would curb the use of tax-exempt bonds by states and cities to buy existing facilities of investor-owned utilities.
The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to counsel.
Al-Sharra said, "We are looking forward to much better relations between Syria and the European Community.
Record high temperatures continued across southern Europe.
Although the rights offer is the third since 1991, it deserves support.
There is no such thing as, say, canasta bonding.
A heavy tax liability may prompt the sale of the late William S. Paley's 8 percent stake in the media giant CBS Inc., a published report said today.
The country, he said, began by declaring that "all men are created equal."
"In my everyday life I can't do anything to affect it when I wake up in the morning."
She said the disabled have an estimated $40 billion a year in spending power, an appealing target for manufacturers who have shown keener interest in getting messages to narrowly defined audiences.
Instead, municipal councils will now divide the costs of services equally among all adults in their districts.
But they are very disciplined elements.
But there's no uniform look and individuality remains the key fashion word in the British collections, being shown through Tuesday.
But it has sat idle until recently while the companies and the community fought over how the crude would be moved south to Los Angeles.
Reagan and Gorbachev did not emerge from their four days of meetings with major breakthroughs on major issues, such as arms control.
Barry has repeatedly denied ever using drugs.
Fully 60% of 1,016 employers polled by consultant Foster Higgins will offer the benefit by 1992, up from 50% last year and 41% in 1989, even though IRS rules require them to fully fund accounts all year.
A UNITA spokesman in Lisbon, Norberto de Castro, said he had received no official confirmation of the ANGOP report, but he welcomed the government proposal.
Nonetheless, Richard T. Curtin, director of consumer surveys at the institute, said in an interview that the October results are a good bench mark.
But Bolivian and Peruvian officials said Wednesday that Washington should instead spend its time and money helping their farmers switch from coca to other crops.
The article says the founder of the Soviet secret police, Felix A. Dzerzhinksy, also justified the use of labor camps.
In the first quarter ended June 29, Maxtor had a net loss of $10.7 million, or 42 cents a share, on revenue of $234.6 million.
3Com lost nearly a third of its market value and led the day's bad-news bearers with an unexpectedly bleak short-term outlook.
But the message apparently has won him few backers.
Militant Sikh separatists shot and killed a Sikh farmer and his two sons and two policemen in separate attacks in Punjab state, police and news reports said today.
"He's in control, it's his little world," says his wife, Carole Adrienne, who uses her psychology training to analyze the hacker mind-set.
It said the temblor, which hit at 10:22 a.m., was centered 31 miles underground in the Pacific Ocean about 8 miles off the east coast of Chiba state, or about 29 miles east of Tokyo.
You have to monetize your assets.
Together, those companies employed 20 percent of American workers.
Iran accused Iraq on Wednesday of using poison gas against civilians and warned it might retaliate with its own chemical weapons, and the United States urged a U.N. Security Council protest.
But a federal jury found that Sharp was dissatisfied with BEC's policy of selling calculators at prices lower than those suggested by Sharp.
General Dynamics Corp. got a $15.8 million Air Force contract for retrofit of F-16 aircraft stores management system test equipment.
Temperatures warmed into the 60s, 70s and 80s across the desert Southwest.
European Community officials recently ordered Renault and other French companies to pay back hundreds of millions of dollars of state aid which was ruled to give them an unfair advantage over companies from other EC members.
Although he has been in jail since Jan. 16, his family has not been allowed to visit him.
But he was fired amid concern about free spending by visiting D.C. government officials who stayed in expensive resort hotels in the islands.
But methyl chloroform, whose potency for ozone destruction is less than 15 percent that of CFCs, remains unregulated and is viewed by much of industry as a potential "bridge" chemical as companies stop using CFCs as cleaning solvents.
Francis Schott, economist for Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S., said the latest numbers are "a further hint that the economy's growth rate may actually be slowing, but they aren't conclusive."
He also received $20,000 in deferred compensation and $2,785 in pension benefits from the state.
Several hundred people have been killed and hundreds of thousands forced to flee their homes in more than two years of ethnic attacks and clashes involving civilians and soldiers.
But he criticized President Mikhail S. Gorbachev for rejecting a proposal by President Bush that would give the United States an edge of 30,000 troops over the Red Army in Europe.
CSFB has worked closely with First Boston on mergers and acquisitions, but that cooperation now is clouded because two of First Boston's best-known specialists in the field recently left the U.S. firm.
Hunt Taylor, managing director at Duich Investment Co., a San Francisco commodity trading adviser, had personally traded the dollar-index contract even before the exchange went to round-the-clock trading.
I had a couple of different names.
BCE has recently begun to broaden its horizons in the multimedia sector.
Attacks in the official press accusing Solidarity of overly aggressive campaign tactics began after the first show May 9 in which union spokesman Janusz Onyskiewicz told voters how to choose Solidarity candidates and eliminate official ones.
Other countries, including West Germany, may have a hard time justifying continued membership.
No explosives were found after police took the man into custody in the capital of Vilnius, said Valery Akolsin, spokesman for the Soviet Ministry of Civil Aviation.
Court records show O'Ferrell lost a lawsuit heard on appeal by U.S. Circuit Judge Robert Vance.
"This is guilt by association.
Digital Equipment Corp., which has slashed its payroll without laying off workers, may find it more difficult in the current economic slump to induce people to leave their jobs, company president Kenneth Olsen said Thursday.
These are a particular triumph of actuarial science. The life office agrees to increase the amount you receive each year by the rate of increase in the retail prices index.
An ITC is easy to implement and is effective as a stimulus to investment.
The Securities and Exchange Commission appears likely to realize only $87 million of the $100 million it expected from Ivan F. Boesky to settle civil insider-trading charges.
These freaks represent big hopes for Japan's fish industry.
ITN is but one.' Sky News is broadcast across Europe on the Astra satellite and is available to millions of viewers through satellite dishes and cable television networks.
Dr Michael Merson, head of the WHO Aids programme, said yesterday the meeting would complement the 'top priority' US efforts to solve the mystery.
The output shortfall compared with trend is less than it was in the last two recessions in five of the G7 countries.
Stella Martyn, a widow, is visited in Cornwall by her daughter Cherry and her new son-in-law, Evan Davies, a talented painter.
The dollar resumed its decline Friday under pressure of a fifth straight day of dollar sales by central bankers.
Sun Microsystems Inc. expects to post earnings of about $1.60 a share for the year ending June 30, a 44% rise from a year earlier, Scott McNealy, president and chief executive officer, said.
It's even possible a buyer could emerge for PS of New Hampshire's Seabrook stake, he said, although any purchase would be at a bargain price because of the uncertainty over the plant's future.
If we save only 40% by using TM, as the research conservatively indicates, that would be a $6.2 billion cost benefit per year.
"He's really excited about the party," Berle's wife, Ruth, who set it up, said Monday.
The value to Houston-based Pennzoil was between roughly $2.2 billion and $2.9 billion, the source adds.
Jim Bakker, the television evangelist who lost his PTL empire in a sex scandal, was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $500,000 Tuesday for defrauding his followers for his own enrichment.
That trend should help reduce global trade imbalances, including the United States' big trade deficit, and lead to more stable in foreign exchange rates, Waigel said.
Then it'll be too late.
William C. O'Neil Jr., chairman, president and chief executive officer of International Clinical Laboratories Inc., was named a director of this maker of research chemicals and diagnostic reagents, increasing board membership to 10.
After the October riots, the government quickly held a referendum to win approval of the first phase of reforms.
Investment would be particularly concentrated in the public transport, mining, energy and services sectors.
He awaits hearing on a Greek petition for his extradition.
Up to now, foreign exchange has been grossly under-priced and allocated by government officials. On January 1, the government created the framework for a normal foreign exchange market.
The bill to enable enlargement of the European Union to include Austria, Norway, Finland and Sweden gained its third reading without a vote in the Commons last night.
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. is requiring bidders for its retail brokerage to promise they won't hire any of the unit's 1,100 brokers for one year if a deal falls through, Wall Street sources said.
Clouds of black dust blown from freshly plowed fields created blackouts on highways in the northern part of the state, causing an 18-car pileup on U.S. Highway 31 outside South Bend.
I've found that on the whole the Bureau of Export Administration and the State Department do a good job getting information to the public through notices, seminars and even over the telephone.
Before the Middle East crisis began, many economists had predicted that the current expansion would break that record.
"This is such a mish-mash, it can give you indigestion," Ortega told delighted supporters at one rally. "Let (President) Bush eat it." Can UNO hold together and govern through 1996, should it win Sunday's general elections? "Yes.
Allied-Signal Inc. won Navy contracts totaling $10.3 million for OV-10 aircraft engines and FA-18 aircraft equipment.
In 1980, their percentage was 10.6%. About 11 million live in the South, accounting for 17% of the area's voting-age population.
First there are the daily news-driven variety which set out to report what is happening, offer succinct analysis and look forward to what may be about to happen.
The department said that new single-family homes were sold at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 739,000 units last month, compared with a revised rate of 646,000 units in June.
His is a breed found more rarely among British executives whose entrepreneurial zeal seems to crumple in the corridors of corporate HQs.
It's brought a lot of emotion back, and now it's kind of a reality to me.
A spokesman for the comptroller said regulations on bank investment in mortgage securities are "in the formulation stage," but nothing has been made final.
At the end of the inspection, the department announced that the airlines weren't unsafe, but said the labor-management hostility at Eastern was so intense that, if left to fester, it could jeopardize safety.
More and more of these Christians see the GOP as their natural home.
The Xerox 5042 has a slanted edge and a hinged cover that allow a book or other bound material to be laid flat without squashing or stretching the binding.
Government offices operated normally as thousands of employees stayed overnight in their workplaces.
Mr. Gorbachev's emissaries to the West have for some time ceased to be taken seriously, since everyone knows well their boss's habit of saying one thing, signing another, and doing a third.
Some people think they might tempt raiders, as did Hammermill in 1986 before International Paper acquired it.
Wickes' total sales for the year were $4.77 billion.
The Stones play there tonight for the second time.
That tied Fidelity's Select Automation fund for the worst performer of the week.
This year's shipments of Soviet ordnance and supplies had exceeded 20,000 tons at last count, which means record shipments are likely for all of 1986.
But bankers that lend to farmers suddenly are worrying anew about their borrower's financial health.
And in between we feel like starved house-guests being led through a larder full of mouldy offcuts, gnawed bones and corn-fed funny names.
The great drought rally of 1988 is history, just a big blip on a long chart.
Two remained hospitalized Sunday in good condition.
In protest, Banna refused to participate in any of the court's three hearings.
As companies acquire more computer networks from different vendors the problem of managing them inevitably increases.
"I think you would like to be sure that all of the folks that are doing any work on any flight hardware are in full command of themselves, so it does concern me," McCartney said.
Here you have integration and negotiation with one nation so you have a much higher objective and some added issues and risks.
After all, as he put it, 'that's the point of the whole thing - growth and employment'. But for so consummate a politician as Mr Clarke, this week was the easy part.
Wednesday, it jumped as much as 10 cents as a spurt of buying in the last minute of trading found a thin market and few sellers.
But Fitzwater said pollution curbs should not be proposed unilaterally and the administration must consider the long-term economic impacts of any actions aimed at dealing with global warming.
The study by scientists at the California Institute of Technology here, Ortho Pharmaceuticals in Raritan, N.J., and the University of Alabama, Birmingham was published today in the journal Science.
Typically, such antibiotics are taken several times a day.
The company has 3.2 billion, yes billion, shares outstanding, and is controlled by Mexican businessman Jeronimo Arango.
Cryan was living in one of the old cottages and didn't even know it.
He said much of the clamor for his resignation was coming from a "lynch mob" that included the press.
Moreover, Reuters' shareholders have traditionally looked for capital appreciation, not yield.
Group B bonds, which include serial bonds due 2007-2013, are all 7 1/2% securities priced to yield 7.775%.
Britain has become one of Europe's filthiest nations, its city streets a jungle of garbage and graffiti, the government-funded Royal Fine Arts Commission said in a report today.
"Usually isolated locations were disturbed by aircraft and people" while "noise pollution" on marine band radios from spill cleanup activities made monitoring marine channels difficult and unpleasant, the report stated.
Business Day said President F.W. de Klerk is expected to call for the scrapping of the Group Areas Act, which segregates neighborhoods by race, and the Land Acts, which reserve 87 percent of the country's land for the white minority.
He is scheduled to be sentenced Nov. 21, along with two other former Genisco managers who previously entered guilty pleas.
Flights of TAT, British Airways' French regional carrier, are expected to be back to normal following last week's delays caused by pilots' union meetings. NIGERIA: The Foreign and Commonwealth Office says the political situation remains uncertain.
The Board of Trade trades futures on the Major Market Index of 20 blue-chip stocks, which closely mirrors the performance of the Dow Jones Industrial Average of 30 stocks.
"A film of challenging ideas, and not salacious provocations," the industry paper's review said.
It argues that, in many cases, sponsor fees aren't really charitable donations. Instead, the IRS views the fees as payments for the publicity and advertising that sponsors garner through banners, brochures and media exposure.
The first mention of the possible existence of Christ's shroud came from French crusader Robert of Clari, who wrote that he saw it in 1203 in the imperial palace in Constantinople.
Mr. Stoltenberg said the decision to revalue the currencies upward wasn't caused by economic factors but was a response to recent speculation.
Thus, Madison Avenue is trying to wipe them out.
He has acknowledged that a sharp reduction in Soviet oil shipments could force Cuba to replace tractors with mules, stop manufacturing adult clothing for five years and reduce bus service in Havana by two-thirds.
Much of the aid is disrupted, looted or destroyed.
Wells's chairman, Carl Reichardt, has made no secret of his interest in First Interstate Bancorp, or some smaller targets in the West, including Valley National Corp. and U.S. Bancorp.
The government is expected to put the corn supply at 1.889 billion bushels, down about 56% from 4.259 billion bushels on the same 1988 date.
Great Country Bank fell 1/8 to 1 5/8.
Those thousands include farmers, who will be relieved of paying the federal tax on diesel fuel used for off-road purposes and will no longer have to fret with the paperwork caused by the "heifer tax" on livestock.
'They did not expect to be required to make substantial additional payments to British Coal as a condition for exercising their petroleum licences.' The operators are lobbying the DTI hard to resolve the uncertainties and encourage methane production.
The report said Coast Guard officials fired warning shots, but it did not mention any casualties.
Canadian animators turning the Babar stories into a television series and feature film are well aware of the long memories their viewers may have of the elephant king.
The nation's economic sluggishness dragged down earnings for most of those media companies with major daily newspapers and magazines.
Mr. Easdon also plans a new-business offensive, starting with two pitches already identified by the agency.
New plays will be in short supply on Broadway this fall.
Some analysts are skeptical that Texas Air will keep the MaxSaver fare in its current form because its relatively lenient two-day advance purchase requirement makes it available to almost everybody except businessmen traveling on short notice.
The catch is, you'll have to act fast if you want to be able to deduct a Keogh contribution on your 1991 tax return. While you have until April 15 to actually put the money in, the deadline for filing an application for 1991 is Dec. 31.
"I thought it was a particularly good letter and really sent home to us how much the experiences we have here in space can have an effect on the youngsters of America," Hauck said.
Dravo says the new technology will pay for itself because power plants seeking to comply with tougher acid-rain laws will prefer the Argonox system, which can be fitted to existing scrubbers, to other methods requiring costly equipment changes.
On Friday night, ABC's Peter Jennings and CBS' Dan Rather were also on the scene to report on East Germany's historic lifting of travel restrictions.
Historically, the dollar has always risen when interest rate spreads have been at this level.
Revenue from film products fell 6.4% to $307.9 million.
Trading started with a bang after the Labor Department reported the nation's unemployment rate dipped to 5.2 percent in May from April's 5.3 percent.
Even while urging calm, black leaders including Willie Sims of Dade's official Community Relations Board acknowledge that blacks are intently watching the trial.
Seeker already has been acquitted of charges he overruled a majority of a five-man court to reject a local committee's request for a second referendum.
But market sources called the offering a rocky one.
Troubling signs are already popping up, most significantly a proposed gathering soon in Iran of hardliners opposed to the peace effort.
'Selling into Europe is a discipline and I always guessed that if I could sell to them I could sell anywhere.
Each will be developed by a separate company.
Des Moines already is an insurance capital.
A government commission in March found that the bodies buried at the site were those of victims killed under Stalin's repressions, not by Nazi soldiers, as three previous official inquiries had ruled.
Pereira dos Santos said "an incident" occurred after the plane, a Boeing 737-300, made a scheduled stop in Belo Horizonte, 288 miles northwest of Rio.
Asked by reporters aboard Air Force Two en route from Washington whether he would tell the Contras to return to Nicaragua to participate in the political process, Quayle said, `I'm not going to do that.
The physicians presented their appeal to officials of the U.S., Soviet and Iraqi embassies in Rome.
FCC fines that have not been changed since 1934 also will be increased, Connolly said.
It did not identify those freed.
Meantime, Mr. Amman has a new destiny for Western Union: financial services for the 25% of U.S. households that don't have checking accounts.
U.N. delegates passed a resolution denouncing the decision, and only the United States and Israel voted against it.
The book's central character searches for a survivor of the fire, but finds a reflection of himself instead.
But the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last November ruled that the tribe does not have to collect any state or local taxes on items sold at the store, even to non-members.
It left it to school authorities to decide in individual cases.
Police refused to elaborate or say whether Minnick left a note.
Denis, meanwhile, courts a reluctant elementary school teacher (Jo Anderson).
"But," he adds, "the vice president will do all right."
But employers insist they have tens of thousands of jobs available with no one to fill them.
Tupelo, Miss., has a new claim to fame.
Few aspects of modern life are so crucial and yet so taken for granted as words on the printed page.
"There's just no way to justify this pay hike at this time," he said. "We have a huge deficit.
"It was unquestionably a gunshot wound," said Hollywood Police Chief Richard Witt, who added that a powder burn indicated the shot was fired at close range and was possibly self-inflicted.
"Let History Judge," which Medvedev started writing in 1962, was published first abroad, in the United States in 1971.
"We need a government we can trust," he said.
Furukawa Battery climbed Y55 to Y700 and Japan Storage Battery Y15 to Y793. Stocks which had been sought recently by short-term speculators fell back as profits were taken.
Mr. Singleton hasn't disclosed how MediaNews Group is raising the money for the purchase.
So the prospect of a SFr194m (Pounds 88m) lakeside complex, to be opened in time for the festival's 60th anniversary in 1998, is doubly welcome.
Hot, humid conditions dominated from the Plains east to the Atlantic Coast on Thursday, while showers and thunderstorms were scattered from the northeast parts of the Great Lakes into the middle Mississippi Valley.
Sims and the other men acknowledged they have no proof that the recycled parts have malfunctioned during flight.
With the hole in balance sheets large and earnings already low, the stock market would look even more vulnerable. Given that the likely alternative is the threat of trade sanctions, the Japanese financial system is in a tough spot.
But several other firms are saying that rates could go higher before they turn down.
We didn't feel they broke the law," said juror Mike Simons of west Los Angeles.
Here, too, backing of invasion is a common practice.
Since 1976, when the Supreme Court resumed permitting executions after a four-year lull, 99 people _ all convicted murderers _ have been put to death in the United States.
The House action added to mounting pressure on the Senate to back off its amendment.
It carried debris half a block away from the demolished house and shattered windows and cracked walls in neighboring homes.
They invoke the "competent judgment" of the "44 Nobel laureates" who grace the Federation of American Scientists' masthead, but it has never been brought to bear on "nuclear winter."
"We are truly seeing history in the making," said Commission Chairman Malcolm Kirschenbaum in Orlando last week.
Ignatenko quoted Gorbachev as saying his next meeting with John Paul would "perhaps, or probably, be in the USSR." Gorbachev was accompanied to the Vatican by his wife Raisa, who wore a gray suit.
The experiments are still at a very early stage.
Sunday's low for the Lower 48 states was 28 degrees at West Yellowstone, Mont.
Like many other computer companies, Unisys, based in Blue Bell, Pa., has already taken steps to streamline its use of semiconductors to cut costs.
Mr. Peterson said the decision could have a far-reaching effect on the state because it will place an additional burden on Medicaid officials to prove that hospitals aren't operating efficiently and economically.
Lucky, wrapped in salt-water-soaked paper, traveled in an insulated box with ice packs.
But the resulting skirmishing wouldn't necessarily indicate the onset of a new phase in the war.
Volume was a light 385.6 million shares, compared with 420.3 million shares Thursday.
Mortgage rates, on the other hand, have generally declined since hitting double-digit figures in January.
"In every instance, I was clearly acting as a go-between for these private Texas citizens."
Whole shopping centers stand vacant, and more are still being built.
Banks are slow in shrinking their margins because of increased consumer delinquency rates and lower outstanding credit card balances.
Some of them (stocks) I had brought into the corporation that I had owned personally, my personal estate.
Iraq also has missiles that can deliver warheads to points as far away as Tehran or Tel Aviv.
"Certainly that would be the most propitious way to handle the matter," Yeutter told reporters.
The development bank is sending a technical aid mission to Jamaica and is expected to tap a special $80 million fund set up by Japan to provide an emergency grant to Jamaica.
Oral arguments before the justices are scheduled for next Wednesday.
"It plugs quite a few gaps," said Barbara Conway, a spokeswoman for the new regulatory system.
Elsewhere, firefighters in the Bridger-Teton National Forest in Wyoming contained the last major fire burning in the forest, the 200-acre "Pocket" fire, beating a storm front expected to reach the area later today with high wind.
He said the group seized control of the Brokondo region in Central Suriname over the weekend and overtook the Afobaka hydroelectric about 60 miles south of the capital.
Spending on defense, foreign aid, science and technology will be limited to a 5 percent increase, approximately the rate of inflation.
Peres, interviewed in New York, told Israel radio: "I've received an invitation and I think there is an opening for economic relations between Israel and the Soviet Union.
'Now he's waving his hands about.
Looking fit and tan from tennis, jogging and a vacation in the Caucasus Mountains, the 58-year-old Yeltsin was as outspoken as ever in a recent interview.
A Senate panel is examining evidence that several countries believed to be working on clandestine nuclear-weapons programs have been getting sensitive data from three Energy Department weapons laboratories.
It might look at moments like Euro-crash - bodies slamming to the floor; danger the essential in every step - but its emotional force and wild logic, its skilled disdain for hazard, were hugely effective.
That's because, despite years of trimming costs, Sears's operating expenses are still among the highest in retailing.
Most countries have minimal infrastructure and few telephones.
He had called for more harvesting of Amazon resources such as nuts, latex and plants, while preserving the trees.
'The USDA is a bureaucracy, and we expect there will be a strong cast of supporting players,' Mr West said.
First Iberian Fund Inc., started trading under the symbol IBF after its initial offering.
Mr. Werner said he assumes advertising rates on ESPN's NFL broadcasts will be slightly less than for comparable network games, but those rates will still be the highest ever for cable telecasts.
RJR pay-in-kind bonds pay interest in the form of additional bonds instead of cash.
Her wonderful portrait of the ambitious Marion is cold, astringent and deadly accurate.
The existing ambiguities and loopholes are not always being closed by its consensuses.
Even with the groundings, the officials insisted the Navy has enough of the planes to equip its aircraft carriers when they go out on a deployment.
A new subway line began operating in Rome on Saturday, but city officials admitted it will do little to alleviate the capital's chaotic traffic conditions.
Eastern Europe has only a handful of super-fancy hotels and most of them don't come close to the four-star hotels of the West.
A Polish sailor who is seeking political asylum says he fears for his life if he's deported, even though an American judge doesn't think the newly liberalized Polish government poses any threat.
Her parents were certain that they did not want such a son-in-law. When Perurena finally persuaded Mayte to meet him in a neighbouring village they were seen within minutes. Perurena learned about gamesmanship the hard way.
With prices several cents lower than nearby stations the next morning, Mr. Grivon said, cars were stacked up four deep at his pumps.
"I would say the whole town is shocked.
Flood and rain damage to homes, crops, highways and bridges has caused losses the counter-disaster center estimated at $12 million.
But that was mostly because soldiers blocked off the road around the place.
The Senate vote came after Warner said he had just received a telephone call from Gen.
While a tennis shoe, for instance, rarely sells for more than Dollars 120 a pair, hiking boots are often Dollars 200 or more.
People close to the investigation say Mr. Callahan handled trading for an employee at Donnelley's Torrance plant who hasn't been identified but is believed to be a technician.
Lorenzo used bankruptcy filing as a way to break the union contracts at Continental Airlines after Texas Air bought that airline in 1983.
I want to crack down on terrorism; he knuckled under to the Ayatollah.
The impasse follows inconclusive June 18 elections at which the Coalition, made up of the pro-Moscow Greek Communist Party and the Eurocommunist Greek Left, won 28 seats after receiving 13 percent of the vote and emerged as a power broker.
I am proposing an increased exchange program of high school students between our countries.
The money came partly from Pounds 3m devoted to environmental improvements along the DLR extension which opened earlier this year. The LDDC is expected to agree a further Pounds 1.5m for the ecology park this summer.
Current thinking in Whitehall is that it should be possible, when the Maastricht treaty is revised in 1996, to endow the EU with a common defence policy explicitly linked to the Atlantic alliance.
A proposal in May mooted by the finance ministry for a reduction in benefits was met with an instant denial by Chancellor Kohl.
It would help farmers who built up a valuable property from nothing and who now wish to retire, homeowners whose financial gains on a property sale exceed the deductible limit, entrepreneurs who created value out of an idea.
As the embarrassment in the Senate later proved, it was not one of Mr. Carter's greatest moments.
A survey by Dun and Bradstreet, the business information company, says that UK companies have to wait on average 20 days longer beyond the due date than their French counterparts, the next-worst payers in Europe.
'This is not the time to be chasing value to the ends of the earth and winding up in the Colombian stock market.
For the first time in its 100-year history, Amoco plans to spend more money in 1989 searching for oil and gas abroad than in the United States.
The Commerce Department revised its figure for growth of the gross national product in the first quarter to an annual rate of 4.4 percent, after adjustment for inflation.
The comedy focuses on the once-famous radio act of Hank Knight and Everett Daye.
Mrs. Fishburn, who coordinates the effort from her New Berlin home, donates 3 percent of her family's income.
Analysts said there was no specific reason for the drop, but cited a sneaker industry slowdown and a poor head-to-head performance against Reebok.
A passenger flying roundtrip between Baltimore and Los Angeles at full fare could have to pay up to $1,246 on a heavily booked flight to guarantee a seat for an infant.
Pemex's preliminary report on that disaster found that a spark during the installation of firefighting equipment touched off the blaze.
It couldn't be determined whether there were any other suitors for the Henson concern.
United Technologies Corp. was awarded a $28.4 million Army contract for special-operations helicopters.
This did not matter: she gave us a true and distinguished interpretation. The young also romped through the tango from The Golden Age - kittens playing at being naughty tigers - and a couple of other numbers.
"Thou sayest it," said Robb, who had little to say on any other subject.
His wavering prompted Geiger to publicly call him a "wimp." It also renewed her determination to honor the man she credits with changing her life.
She says she has talked to Labor Secretary Lynn Martin about working jointly on such an effort, and plans to talk to Education Secretary Lamar Alexander.
"I'm only 18," said Pfc, James Bullard Jr. of Shallotte, a soldier since July. "Yeah, I get scared.
That law requires the archivist to decide which papers to withhold and which to make public 12 years after a president leaves office.
Mrs. Thatcher hastened to add, "Chancellor Kohl does not practice followership, he really does not."
This was at least the sixth fire during testing in the past two years.
"I think we can broaden the use of the more simplified forms," he said.
Mrs. Scott said her husband played a key role in the 1986 resettlement of a group of more than 200 of the Montagnard people from Vietnam, most of whom settled in Greensboro, N.C.
Since it appeared during an August night 28 years ago and East Germany's borders were sealed, 191 people are known to have died while fleeing to the West.
"It was a very nervous day," said John Geary, partner of the Big Board specialist firm Ziebarth, Geary.
'We have tested the database with some of our international collaborators but I guess it will take a few months before everyone gets used to it.' As a point of principle, Ceph and Genethon will not try to patent the map or any of the information in it.
The Navy has that case under investigation.
In 1981, Starzl began work at Presbyterian University Hospital, which he helped make one of the world's premier transplant centers.
The late bid price in Zurich was $389.60, down from $390.75.
"I think those who would argue that it is protectionist should be required to read it first," Archey said.
Meetings begin Thursday in Bangkok, Thailand, with a three-day Pacific rim ministerial summit of ASEAN, the Association of Asian Nations.
The Paramount Pictures release was produced by Harve Bennett with a script by David Loughery from a story by Loughery, Shatner and Bennett.
"I had to emotionally reclaim it," he said. "I had to go back in there and be all right.
South Korean newspapers have attacked NBC for its coverage of an attack by South Korean boxing officials on a referee who awarded a match against a local favorite.
The unit had 88.1 million shares outstanding at the end of 1990 compared with 95.7 million a year earlier.
He also directed the film version of the fairy tale "Peau d'Ane" (Donkey Skin) in 1970 starring Miss Deneuve.
"In the future, I will only ask someone who I can trust," Dana Jurist said Tuesday.
In over-the-counter trading yesterday, Kevex shares closed up 62.5 cents, at $10.875.
Separately, Toronto-based Campeau reported its fiscal second-quarter loss widened to $124 million from $109 million a year earlier.
State-of-emergency regulations restrict reporting about unrest, security force action, treatment of detainees, some forms of protest and various statements the government considers subversive. The regulations prohibit calls for election boycotts.
In seeking a reason, Sir Denys turns again to history.
He was "a highly respected scientist and a valuable faculty member of the pathology department," said Dr. Noel Maclaren, head of the department.
It may even exert pressure in the other direction.
The word 'choreography' is used in the programme to describe their little numbers.
When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her, Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death.
The poll was conducted by the Soviet Institute of Sociology using questions from the news organizations.
At midday, showers extended from south-central Kansas across south-central Nebraska, over north-central Illinois, from Ohio and eastern Kentucky across western Pennsylvania, and from northeastern New York state across northern and central New England.
He also says he didn't think "Chariots of Fire" deserved the Oscar as Best Picture when it won in 1981.
Hollywood never offered the wire-haired star a lucrative leading role in action-adventure pictures; these went instead to rivals Lassie and Rin-Tin-Tin.
December 1987: Sixteen people, including 14 members of one family, are killed.
Haaretz reported that Harari told Israeli officials that if he did not work with Noriega, his role would be filled by Cubans or Nicaraguans.
He told Soviet and foreign correspondents gathered in a cold mist on the steps of the building that he voted "for a candidate who was nominated." "This is a secret ballot," he reminded them.
After the incident, in which the car appeared to be seriously damaged, the witnesses saw East German officials cover the driver's body with a blanket, the ministry said.
But a temporary restraining order issued Friday also said Jeanie Joshua of Ojai must go elsewhere for treatment after the order expires Friday.
An earlier, erroneous report had said the two met.
Two years ago petrochemicals and plastics was the largest sector, accounting for nearly 40 per cent of the total. The proportion of spending on the environment increased from 14 per cent of the total last year to 23 per cent by 1995.
Mr. Garamendi's interest in having American Express bolster First Capital could indicate that the Los Angeles insurance company's problems are more serious than First Capital has indicated.
"Ninja Turtles" eclipsed that mark Friday.
Both Holiday Inns and Quality Inns International have announced that they will extend their government discount rates to all government contractors.
"Don't expect somebody to come up and say they saw them making the devices," Powell said.
"I believe that these hills, obstacles and walls can be removed," he said.
Now, as the season beckons, the signs are that the problem this year could be even worse.
"I am very concerned about the American elections having an adverse effect on the credit markets," says David D. Hale, chief economist of Kemper Financial Services Inc.
But Supermarkets General's management seems equally determined to avoid any friendly transaction with the Hafts.
"Belfast has suffered badly during the past 20 years," a final panel reads.
The suspension of quarterly dividends, which had been four cents a share on Wang's Class B common stock and 2.75 cents a share on Class C stock, was seen as a move to conserve cash and placate nervous bankers.
The company also expects a significant charge against profit this year.
So if fuel is being dispensed there, there is an attendant there," Feneis says.
Mendes' successor, Osmarino Anancio Rodrigues, has charged that businessmen and ranchers masterminded the Mendes shooting but have never been called to testify.
She was one of the guys.
Analysts said recession-sensitive stocks like foods and soaps, which have shown steady gains in the last few weeks, continued to do well.
Some members of the Fraternal Order of Police endorsed new restrictions on semiautomatic weapons.
But Curwood was not a writer to sadden his readers.
Tuanku Ja'afar, 71, was picked to succeed Sultan Azlan Shah at a conference of the nine Malaysian sultans.
These surges have resulted from reinvestment of the proceeds of December sales that were motivated by a desire to offset capital gains with capital losses.
Daniel was one of several people driving team members to Fort Bragg for a game, said Mark West Youth Club President Richard Mikulich.
PS of New Hampshire oversees the troubled Seabrook nuclear power plant.
There are no absolutes, of course; individual circumstances always vary.
"This is the fastest growing area of the world.
A race against Mr D'Amato would whet every appetite for political blood, but the Senator's control of the state Republican party is such that challenging him in a primary would be tough.
The ban will last through the end of the school year in May.
After all that running around, the strands of the plot should be tied up neatly.
Nevertheless, most believe that the boom will soon slow.
The council was established in 1980 by Congress.
Bahlinger said the fast was designed to call attention to the peasants' appeals for land reform and better working and living conditions.
A pilot project in six newly leased apartments has been started on East 94th Street to house about 70 homeless women and their children, and negotiations are going on for a downtown site to house another 70.
Coleman still seeks a co-sponsor willing to spend $500,000 on his automobile.
In April 1987, Miller had requested a report from the Fish and Wildlife Service on the environmental impact of drilling in Alaska's North Slope.
In his five-page decision, Castellani said James D. Moseley had been imprisoned illegally more than 18 months after being convicted for violating that law.
The company plans a similar reduction this year and a smaller one in 1991.
But suddenly survivalists have a glow in their eyes again.
But some have spent so much time in hospitals, in broken homes or at arm's length from a terrified society that social skills like speaking have not been properly developed.
In New York, the pound remained unchanged from late Thursday at $1.8193.
If Chief Buthelezi then continues to use wrecking tactics, he should be disregarded.
Robert Van Tuyle, Beverly's 75-year-old chairman and chief executive officer, blames the unexpected losses mainly on skyrocketing labor costs and on competition from general hospitals that are converting empty beds to nursing care use.
The first prototype is expected to make its maiden flight in April 1991.
Some guests were found passed out.
And though many countries might be envious of Norway's 3.2 percent unemployment figure, that December rate was more than double the figure for December 1987, and it's expected to keep climbing.
Since coming to Washington, Mashat has also built bridges with members of Congress.
Part 4 started fast and passionate and ended with what looked like a gang fight.
Bids are being considered from four companies - Davy McKee of the UK, Minproc Engineering and BHP Utah International of Australia, and Paulo Abib/Andrea Gutierrez of Brazil. The favoured company will be granted a Dollars 200m contract.
"We therefore do not believe that First Interstate's financial performance in 1991 should maintain the pace established in 1990," said Edward Carson, First Interstate's chief executive officer.
No explicit reason for the changes were given.
It was not immediately known whether he was linked to the planned escape.
Upjohn, which has previously said it isn't for sale, declined to comment on the latest speculation.
She died of a massive skull fracture, a coroner said.
Perhaps that is why we have been reading stories about the prime minister negotiating a new fiscal concordat with the palace. Monarchists must hope that he is successful.
When the chips are down, the investment in talent will pay off, Mr. Klingenberg says.
"The momentum is with us, it's going our way," he told them.
Investors focused on the futures markets in Singapore after rumours that futures buying by a New York based fund had pushed the Nikkei up by 1.7 per cent on Tuesday. Volume fell to 230m shares from 349m.
The VA has predicted that usage of the $300 monthly benefit will peak in 1995 and that from then to the turn of the century nearly 250,000 participants will collect about $500 million dollars each year _ or about $1,900 each.
The lowest was 2% in Lincoln, Neb.
They also are used to amplify signals from devices ranging from stereos to communication satellites.
The announcement came less than a week after the bank's board of directors forced out Walter Connolly as chairman, naming H. Ridgely Bullock as an interim replacement.
It surely comes from a very imaginative mind," Trouerbach said.
"It's just a clean bill of health," he said.
Authorities would not comment beyond information contained in the indictment, so it was not immediately clear how the other LeQuires were related to Jerry Allen LeQuire.
All of which explains why the latest fall in its confidence index, back to - 24, is so worrying, both for the government and the economy.
He was contacted by telephone in Male by The Associated Press and said the captain's statement "may have been propaganda." The BBC report identified the ship as the Progress Light.
The price of a gallon of gasoline jumped from 7 cents to more than $2 and the cost of many food products tripled and quadrupled.
"I was wooed and pursued in this job with great vigor.
It put signs on the Virginia side saying the real sale was in North Carolina; the Virginians retaliated with similar signs in North Carolina.
But where is Sen. Biden's religiously held belief in an "evolution" and "expansiveness" of meaning as he asserted in the constitutional debate last autumn?
Financial help will be sought from multilateral lending organizations like the World Bank.
'It is a major step backwards,' said one Patronat official yesterday.
Wasserstein and Perella, and Charles Ward, with whom he will head the mergers-and-acquisitions advisory group, are "people I trust and respect and like."
Four of the firms _ Tele-Communications, InterMedia, TCA and Falcon _ were involved in a previous deal to buy the cable properties for an estimated $1.47 billion.
Parliament then met in Lebanon to elect a president of the republic, Rene Mouawad, and swiftly re-convened to elect Hrawi after Mouawad was assassinated by remote-controlled bomb.
Oskar Fischer, East Germany's foreign minister, sided with Gorbachev on the human rights issue in opening the three-day conference in this East German city southwest of Berlin.
With hourly wages in 1992 65 per cent of the west German level, but output per worker at only 40 per cent, it is unlikely to enjoy one.
Likewise, the Jimmy Dean company is pushing English muffins topped with ham and cheese or sausage.
There are two reasons why.
His trial, however, was postponed indefinitely after he was diagnosed as having brain cancer.
There is no widespread boom.
As mid-day temperatures soared, the cat's cries grew weaker as frantic passersby gathered around the car and searched for the car's owner.
He worked with ACE to develop similar programs for adults, from the illiterate to those in need of refresher courses.
Mr. Adham is frequently described as a former Arab spymaster, but neither part of that description is true.
Two of the Vatican's highest officials met with clergymen of an underground Catholic church Friday in the first official contact since Josef Stalin crushed the church more than 40 years ago.
Export sales in the year to March 1994 were Dollars 8bn, reflecting a 21 per cent growth over the previous year. The ministry of textiles is confident that the Dollars 9bn target for the current year will be achieved.
General Electric Co. said Monday that its third-quarter profit rose 16 percent mainly as a result of improved performances in its plastics, financial services and medical systems divisions.
A Seattle detective spoke with New Bedford authorities by telephone on Friday to determine if there are any links between the Massachusetts slayings and the so-called "Green River killer" blamed for 48 deaths in Washington prior to 1984.
Revenues were Dollars 795m, against Dollars 764m. The Warner Brothers filmed entertainment business recorded Dollars 104m operating profit on the same basis, up from Dollars 96m a year ago.
Tests showed "it was on the verge of kidney failure and other things.
First a brass choir proceeded from the main door of the church down the nave, through the roodscreen, to the altar, its solemn fanfare reechoing in the shadowy air.
And every indication is that brokers are reaping lucrative rewards from huge commissions they've been generating.
It is hard to see what else would have drawn her to this cloying, lightweight piece of American nostalgia. The year is 1962, and Bates is a plucky widow trying to raise six kids on minimum wages.
Under law, McCarthy can be hel in jail as long as the grand jury hearing evidence in the case remains in session.
We don't really want to see this.
That last, he relates, was the unkindest cut.
He noted that western consumer and corporate confidence has been knocked and suggested that the car industry "seems to be heading for a grim fourth quarter" in 1991.
Mr. Huston didn't slight his youngest son, 26-year-old Danny, either.
Boeing is competing for both orders with Airbus Industrie.
"People are trying to figure out what Ciba-Geigy's upper limit is," said Avi Dalfen, a Toronto-based analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc.
Ten days earlier, the board approved bonuses totaling $150,000 for the Bakkers.
The coming change in the labor force will follow a decade, the 1980s, of significant social transformation in the United States, lifestyle changes likely to continue through the coming 10 years.
New condominium and industrial projects had eradicated many of the state's farmlands - the very scenery tourists came to New Hampshire to see. The economic picture in Vermont, while not exactly up-beat, is better than that of its eastern neighbour.
The Runaways, who played punk rock, were never big sellers and they took their share of critical lumps before breaking up in the late 1970s over fights about future direction.
Bork resigned after his nomination to the Supreme Court was rejected by the Senate in the most bitter judicial fight of recent years.
Many press lawyers figure that the Senate probably could find the reporters in contempt, but only after exhausting all other alternatives for discovering who leaked.
On the Republican side, state Rep. Johnny Isakson and former Superior Court Judge Greeley Ellis are running.
Meanwhile, Edward J. DeBartolo Jr., whose family's business empire includes the San Francisco 49ers, is spending his time during the strike trying to buy a controlling interest in Zayre Corp.
However, the Ruhr-Zink and Duisburg refineries 'are suffering from depressed zinc and lead prices and will turn round as economies recover'.
Indeed, some of the most successful investors are pure stock-pickers. If you still want to run a portfolio spread as widely as our models, how do you do it?
Bronson Methodist Hospital in Kalamazoo filed suit last month, claiming Sarabond-mortared brickwork on a service-elevator tower built in the early 1970s was deteriorating.
One tiny village, Magny le Hongre, now has a population of 350 locals and 800 young newcomers. Since April 1 more than 1,000 staff have left.
Rolls-Royce PLC, a maker of aviation engines, cut its work week from 39 to 37 hours to end a six-week strike by 2,000 engineering workers at its Glasgow plant.
The move comes about a month after the Belzbergs failed to seat three of four nominees on the Armstrong board and the state enacted legislation that requires corporate raiders to surrender short-term profits from thwarted takeover bids.
Seventeen people have been killed and nearly 200 injured in nearly 40 bombings in South Africa this year.
Steinberg, a 47-year-old disbarred lawyer, is charged with second-degree murder.
His expenditure next year will be Pounds 21m higher than in 1993-94, at Pounds 955m.
The auto maker began notifying dealers of the recall by letter yesterday.
Nevertheless, Mr. Quello and Mr. Kaminer said support for the switch is soft.
Mia Angel said the president was "fun," but "he didn't shake my hand."
January marked the ninth consecutive month of year-to-year decline in the country's merchandise trade surplus.
Options in this range include bank CDs; Treasury securities bought directly from the government or through a bank or broker, and "limited maturity" bond mutual funds.
Usti nad Labem is 60 miles north of Prague.
The immunoglobulin therapy has been approved to treat some types of immune deficiency diseases, but experimental uses have developed what Lipsky called "anecdotal evidence" that IVIG may be useful in treating other illnesses.
Nasdaq's biggest technology stocks were mostly higher.
He poured asphalt driveways, sold some insurance and at age 32 got into the brokerage business.
Mr. Dion, who stepped into Webb's top position last November, succeeded Robert K. Swanson, whose abrupt resignation was attributed to his health.
Pollsters agreed that voters were in a sour mood, unhappy with the president and Congress alike on their handling of the economy.
Distasteful though it may be in its message and its strategies, "Bouncers" is nevertheless a tight, canny play, smartly staged by Ron Link and relentless in its drill-team assault on the audience.
Sri Lanka lies just south of the Indian peninsula in the Indian Ocean.
After listening to Greenspan, Riegle, chairman of the securities subcommittee, said he was concerned about the bill's implications and was reconsidering his support.
According to Mr. Baker, that group is "adamantly opposed" to the assault-weapon ban.
"If you're truly, permanently going to space, you've got to have a system like this," says plant physiologist William Knott, head of the project.
But it will wait until July to decide what to do thereafter.
But Bilzerian never followed through with a formal bid and did not file any documents detailing his offer with the SEC, as required by law, the paper said.
A federal prosecutor, testifying Monday at the start of hearings in the impeachment trial of Judge Alcee L. Hastings, said he was shocked that the judge ordered the return of $845,000 forfeited in a racketeering case.
Mr. Lynch bought 1,000 shares of Grace on July 5 for $31,380, according to a filing with the SEC.
The attackers' identities were not known, police said when contacted by telephone in Chittagong, 145 miles southeast of Dhaka.
Many of the strongest Nasdaq stocks in the past few weeks have been among the 1,747 small or thinly traded issues that aren't in Nasdaq's National Market System.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday, Jim Walter closed at $57.25, down 75 cents.
Kremlin officials said this past week that a further liberalization in immigration laws was planned.
The girl told friends she got the idea of putting rat poison in the sandwich from the movie "Heathers," an R-rated black comedy featuring teen-age murder and a tight clique of popular girls, King County police said.
Within hours, volunteer diggers were unearthing interesting shards of pottery, including a button-size chip of blue and white Mexican majolica clay used in pottery since the 17th century.
Just before the close of the second act of "Joe Turner," the people in the boarding house hold a "Juba": an ecstatic religious outpouring of song and dance.
Now that a state school district has been created, Jersey City's local board of education is abolished and the school superintendent as well as several other top administrators were ousted.
"The U.S. ought to keep its eye on the Iranian negotiations and not on the Lebanese negotiations," said former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger yesterday on ABC-TV's "This Week with David Brinkley."
Fewer agricultural banks owned repossessed farmland last year than in 1987, a survey by the American Bankers Association indicates.
"If you go to (the networks) with a best-selling novel and a star, you'll produce it.
The Foreign Office summoned the Iraqi ambassador to inform him of the expulsion but refused to link the action to the alleged smuggling operation.
This is a travesty. The Winslows may not be rich, but they are comfortably off, the father having recently retired from a senior post at the Westminster Bank.
It sets a 14th-century liturgical drama that would have been enacted at Notre Dame in Paris on Easter Sunday.
The state-owned fuel monopoly says sales of gasoline dropped more than 20 percent during the first 20 days of 1990, compared with 1989.
A survey I have conducted shows that this view is not remarkably widespread - largely, perhaps, because Belgium is a kingdom. Nevertheless, the arrest of Pineau-Valencienne does lead to consideration of another astounding coincidence.
Twenty-one students in Alton, Texas, died when their school bus, involved in a collision with a truck, careened into a water-filled pit.
The government seeks to make the official and commercial rates converge, possibly as soon as Jan. 1, giving the zloty a convertible value that would ensure Western companies a way to translate profits into other currencies.
He is survived by two children, Philip Jr. of Princeton, N.Y., and Kathryn Reed Smith of Davis, Calif; four grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
Moreover, the Commerce Department's National Telecommunications and Information Administration has joined IBM, CompuServe Inc. and others in urging the FCC to set clear, tough guidelines.
An eighth defendant was acquitted of all charges, but still faces a state murder charge in an unrelated case.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is continuing to review the damage and include some other affected parishes, the White House said.
A final dividend of 6p brings the total to 9p (7.8p).
Peasant farmers Andres Cordova and Felipe Orellana said their hamlet, Los Pozos, was strafed the same day.
Several banks have representative offices and US, German, Dutch and French banks are preparing to set up new branches. Meanwhile, the strongest Polish banks are increasing their reserves and raising their capital adequacy ratios.
Every business in town is offering people and products and calling in to help. It's incredible.
Queens Moat shares slipped 1 1/2 to 44p.
Wright endorsed the $3,000 check over to Madison Publishing Company.
One of the questions Briscoe refused to answer was why he gave Wilson a 15 percent interest in one project in Riviera Beach, Fla.
At that meeting, says the Justice Department, pricing was discussed for the first time.
She requests details of my job history, which I provide. 'The fact you went for journalism suggests it,' she says.
Courts should have the power to penalize those responsible for making unfounded assertions in filings, not merely the attorney who signs the document.
They point out that Iraqis, having just lived through an eight-year war with Iran, are used to finding substitutes for goods in short supply and making do without.
The woman called the "godmother" of a drug-smuggling cult that killed 15 people was charged Wednesday night with two other members in the weekend deaths of their leader and his right-hand man, authorities said.
EDS said there will be no layoffs involved in the switch.
"I'm looking forward to a very active campaign.
Analysts said the same aggressive management style that helped Coleco hit the jackpot with the gamble on Cabbage Patch Kids in 1983 helped bring on its troubles.
Its biggest beer brand is Vilagos; it also makes Pepsi-Cola, 7-Up and Canada Dry brands under license.
Counselors plan to stay into next year.
He succeeds Joe E. Harris Sr., who continues as chief executive officer.
Its enhanced communication services won't be available in their first market, Los Angeles, until August 1993.
At best, they would be absurdly cumbersome to administer.
And, some of the cuts Start mandates in superpower arsenals might be made anyway because of simple budget restraints in the U.S. and Moscow.
Willy Brandt, who led the nation in the early 1970s, had his Ostpolitik, or political opening to the East bloc.
It is "effectively a tax break for the wealthy to be paid for by the middle class.
Air New Zealand declined 5 cents to NZDollars 1.77 on news of further deregulation in air routes between Australia and New Zealand.
One can only do that if one wants to encourage suicide," Eberhard Zastrau of the Deutsche Aids-Hilfe (German AIDS Help) self-help group told The Associated Press in Munich.
Isabelle Penzler, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, acknowledges that while these restrictions have never touched off a public outcry, they become for people who covet the right to choose "a burning issue.
Sales increased 24 per cent to Pounds 586m, twice the figure achieved three years ago and nearly a third of overall sales. Mr Robb said Zovirax's potential was by no means exhausted.
'With the setting up of all these thermal units, you'll need a lot of oil' he says. Despite the government's commitment, some analysts are still nervous over possible setbacks.
Mr. Tapp estimated the metal aerosol cans accounted for C$3 billion of sales in each of the European and North American container markets.
Can they keep wages down?
United's market share had fallen to 16.2% as of the end of last year from an industry-leading 19.6% in 1978.
Some 120,000 packets of the seeds were distributed to 58,000 teachers to be grown by their students.
Earnings came out at 14p (12.7p) and the interim dividend is raised to 3.5p (3p).
Municipal Bonds Prices of municipal bonds fell between 1/8 and 3/8 points yesterday as a deluge of new supply overwhelmed demand.
The London School of Economics would like to move there from cramped premises on the other side of the river. Such a move would express confidence in a British institution of world renown.
Akron Education Association President William Siegferth said 98 percent of the 2,000-member teachers union voted to accept the contract.
Mr. Lawson suggested that Britain no longer has a precise target range for the pound.
The dollar dipped slightly in midmorning selling, but rebounded somewhat later.
The persistence of the budget deficit is overwhelming evidence that the federal budget process is fundamentally flawed.
Since George Bush and I put our economic policies in place, we've witnessed the longest peacetime expansion in American history, an expansion that has created over 17.5 million jobs.
Cold rain was expected to become locally heavy snow in the mountains and passes.
The five countries signed the agreement Tuesday, and it will include East Germany after the expected reunification if the two Germanys.
'For example, the Investment Portfolio showed 39 per cent growth in assets over the four years, against Cazenove Portfolio's 37 per cent and CU Managed 36 per cent.' The UK Selection falls more clearly into the UK equity general category.
Spendthrift has been reeling from financial and management troubles.
More political attacks on state welfare systems may be just around the corner, public policy observers predict, if the economy worsens and state budget-cutters become more desperate.
Rats getting nicotine gain weight more slowly than ordinary rats; when the nicotine is stopped, their weight shoots up dramatically.
The English-language Jerusalem Post criticized Krauss' position in an editorial Wednesday.
His efforts since 1983 to rebuild his party have left him one of the toughest politicians of his generation.
On pharmaceuticals, Chinese patent law will protect the specific process for manufacturing a drug, but not the drug itself.
It was raised more than 1m off the ground on thick trunks, and the eaves of its thatched roof sloped down almost to the level of the platform. The Sakuddai are justifiably proud of their homes.
MEDIA POLICY: MacNamara Clapp & Klein, a small New York shop, is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications.
The unpredictable flow has encircled this tiny coastal town, and scientists said lava could overrun what's left of the community within days.
If Western culture goes, this kind of curiosity goes too, and with it our chance of learning about and learning from other cultures.
Calls and letters from individual shareholders have been "overwhelmingly against" the settlement, said one source close to the company.
The 124-year-old firm suffered a major blow to its reputation when it became embroiled in the Ivan Boesky insider trading scandal. Kidder agreed in 1987 to pay a then-record $25.3 million settle civil charges with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The estate settled without admitting or denying the SEC's charges against Mr. Clark, a former lawyer.
In the South African case, the spirits have seized us, but others will suffer.
A medicine commonly used to control epilepsy in pregnant women appears to cause minor birth defects and retardation, raising a dilemma about how to prevent seizures that can also harm the unborn, a study concludes.
About 6,000 people took part in the Dublin parade, which winds along a three-mile route from St. Stephen's Green to O'Connell Street, the main thoroughfare.
Riots left at least 270 people dead in Venezuela in February after the government announced a new austerity program to please that country's creditors.
Thursday's shooting of four Palestinians by soldiers came shortly after 3:30 a.m. in Gaza City.
Band leader Xavier Cugat was hospitalized today for heart and respiratory problems, his doctor said.
Fighting has raged in the surrounding area since Jan. 17 and has sent 5,000 Karen civilians fleeing across the Thai border.
Many troubled thrifts are concentrated in the Southwest.
The comment was reported by the Tass news agency.
The Garechts received support from the parents of 8-year-old Amber Swartz-Garcia, who disappeared from Pinole on June 3, and the parents of 10-year-old Kevin Collins, who vanished nearly five years ago in San Francisco.
He also committed Japan to discuss specific means of monitoring Japan's system for qualifying bidders and awarding contracts.
The multimillion-dollar charity was founded by William Sample, a former Philadelphia police officer.
"We have created the foundation and the structure of WHO's critical and ongoing role in global AIDS prevention and control," he wrote Nakajima in his letter of resignation.
Closed-door negotiations over the air legislation have been going on for weeks on both sides of the Capitol.
Otherwise, a human must answer the phone and decide.
And for all who have suffered, it has destroyed the once clear financial advantage of buying one's own home. Redundancy is equally responsible for preventing people moving home.
Under Mr. Fowler, and his successor Dennis Patrick, the FCC has begun to loosen the rules, arguing that the vast growth in media outlets protects the public against media barons who would dominate public debate.
All of the Western firms sent letters of welcome said they would proceed with their applications, despite the high costs of setting up a Korean branch.
And that does not include the threat of the so-called greenhouse effect, which some scientists say could raise temperatures worldwide and change rainfall patterns.
Fagan said the Greenpeace was "`dead in the water" for about an hour until the crew got one of the engines restarted.
"I don't have any problem with saying that there is no other mural in the world like this, neither in dimension nor in artistic quality," the artist said while the work was on temporary display in Mexico City's Museum of Modern Art in 1984.
He turned up a good five minutes after all his colleagues - or so he must have thought.
Witnesses also reported at least 30 people were beaten by police outside the Beijing Hotel.
'In the end, despite what was offered him by John Clark (BET's chief executive) he was not persuaded to stay on.'
But forcing disclosure of more information will force issuers financing risky projects to pay higher interest rates, he said.
Williams said all the companies are requiring excessive overtime rather than hiring additional employees, which increases pension and benefit expenses.
"This action underscores the need for a dialogue between the government and the black opposition to bring about a fully functioning non-racial democracy," said White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater.
Police said Roda may be charged with sedition and other offenses linked to the violence.
Polls show they have lost crucial support to the environmentalist Greens.
The case concerned the school board's right to require a teacher to lead the pledge, an issue identical to that in Massachusetts.
Like many of the Islamic revolution's hard core, she is watching closely for signs of deviation from that line following the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.
Pryor also cited the EPA contracts with ICF Inc., including the one for preparing the agency's annual report to Congress on Superfund, as another example where questions of conflict of interest might be raised.
He showed me a switch.
Fink resigned from R.P. Scherer in November after opposing the sale of the company in an unsuccessful proxy battle with heirs of the founder.
The government bond market was closed Monday in the U.S. for Memorial Day.
The Intel spokesman said the FTC hasn't approached Intel and that Intel isn't aware of any formal inquiry, adding that the queries appeared to be routine and "not serious."
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50% of near-term generation capacity, adding: "We expect to supply a significant share of this market."
With many states falling far behind their anticipated revenues, taxes seem to have only one direction to go.
If opinion polls are correct, Quebeckers will sweep the separatists back into power in a provincial election, ending nine years of rule by the Liberal party, which wants Quebec to remain part of Canada.
But as cost becomes less of a deterrent, virtual reality looks set to become widely adopted as a practical tool.
The power plant, which turns a single propeller, is said to be capable of developing 22,000 shaft horsepower.
But the agreement wasn't announced as planned yesterday evening.
"A mechanism to remove political considerations from discussions of mission changes and consolidations is desperately needed," he said.
The USS Narwhal, a nuclear attack submarine that was tied up at the Charleston Navy shipyard, broke loose from its moorings, said a Pentagon spokesman, Lt.
But some employers make up the difference between the usually-lower military pay and the civilian salary when a reservist goes off to summer camp.
Through its subsidiaries, Sofipa and Lombardia Fincapital, it can promote risk capital ventures. All these latter activities as well as direct export credit financing, are regarded as non-agency work.
"This is a bill to try to alleviate pain and suffering," he said.
U.S. Attorney General Edwin Meese III called anew on Friday for a multinational force to combat global drug trafficking.
A commission spokesman blamed rightist death squads.
Violette Verdy, ballerina in the company from 1958 to 1977, choreographed "Set of Seven" to 19th century Romantic-style piano music by Mary Jean van Appledorn, head of the music department at Texas Tech University.
The test car, an upscale XR2 turbo, seemed at ease in many sport maneuvers as well as on leisurely Sunday drives.
The tourists who really matter are Europeans, but the figures here have not changed much since the late 1980s - 1.6m to 1.8m annually.
A 16-month-old boy strapped into a car seat was mauled to death by a 200-pound leopard that escaped from its cage at the family's farm, authorities said.
Trading was thin, with first section volume estimated at 350 million shares, down from Tuesday's 400 million.
For now, though, July is still for enjoying the precious long days, never mind the recession.
Trading ended early on the Comex, before noon in New York, because of a communications problem.
Boyd L. Jefferies used to thrive on four hours of sleep a night, arriving for work at 1:30 a.m. and staying until evening to command the aggressive stock-trading desk of the brokerage that bears his name.
Partly, perhaps, because Adam Smith, more than 200 years ago, was so disarmingly honest about it.
For the next fiscal year, the rate is expected to be 2.4%.
Demand evident for spot and nearby, especially for better grades.
Other banks also fell, particularly those in the Northeast.
The airline said the pilots' walkout was illegal and asked U.S. District Judge Edward B. Davis to force them back to work.
"The timing was right because of the success of UMC," he says.
He sits in the party committee's office at the Huta Warszawa steel mill, amid the regulation decor: bust of Lenin, potted palm, portrait of Lenin, bust of Marx.
These stocks weakened as the Big Three U.S. car makers reported lower sales in early September.
Touring a car plant in Malaysia, Major looked at green cars, red cars, white cars and blue cars.
"The history of it is that men have exercised traditional control over the activities of women, and I'm not going to ignore that, no matter how much flak I get from women's lib," U.S. District Judge A. Andrew Hauk said Tuesday.
"That is a valid complaint if state government is going to ignore the cities, ignore their wishes and not work with them hand in glove," he said.
Of the total, 48.3% will come from the Taiwanese government, 27.5% from the Dutch concern and the rest from several Taiwanese companies, including Formosa Plastics Corp.
Nowadays, he said, U.S. intelligence agents and KGB officers from the Soviet Embassy no longer appear regularly to roam Kamkin's aisles, spying on each other in the hope of learning what the other side is reading.
Ms. Norwood said that Southland has been "out of the dairy business for three years" and "none of the company's senior management or 7-Eleven stores" have been named in any of the prosecutions or the suit.
The review commission in the past has said it is fundamentally unfair to assess multiple penalties for similar violations.
Robu said one of Ceausescu's daughters, Zoia-Elena, and another son, Valentin, were in jail but were not leading figures in the ousted regime.
He added that "just as our investment managers are taking a contrarian view and perhaps going into the market, so our oil people expect the price of oil to go down."
The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly a quarter of a point, or more than $2.50 for each $1,000 face amount.
"I was as far away as I could get at Alamogordo.
The controversy developed after Mandela, on an otherwise triumphant 14-nation trip to promote his anti-apartheid efforts, said in Dublin that the British government should negotiate with the Irish Republican Army.
He spoke to Radio Catolica, Nicaragua's Roman Catholic Church radio station, in a telephone interview from San Jose, Costa Rica, where the summit was held.
Fans of Birmingham City spilled onto the field after Crystal Palace took a 1-0 lead.
When Moody's originally rated the bonds, "we made some judgements about the possible range of political instability that might take place in China," said David Levey, another Moody's analyst.
They are demanding that Nagorno-Karabakh, an Armenian-dominated region in the neighboring republic of Azerbaijan, be turned over to Armenia Ethnic Azeris are predominantly Moslem, while most Armenians are Christian.
She had been cared for at her apartment in neighboring Hamden by a Connecticut Hospice nurse, who looked in on her twice a week, an outside nurse and a privately hired, live-in aide who took care of her around-the-clock.
The subtlest anti-hero of the month is Beatty as Bugsy Siegel in Barry Levinson's gloriously sweet-and-sour gangster history about the man who made Las Vegas.
'You will never get the same intensity of colour with microfibres,' says Bartle. The greater surface area can be useful, however.
Now a long-awaited Treasury study says 1984 and 1985 tax revenues were way off the mark for reasons unforeseen by estimaters.
The areas are likely to include pensions, international issues, and large partnerships.
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Reagan will propose eliminating 80 programs, many of them survivors of past Reagan hit lists.
Spam has been a staple in the PX ever since, cheering the U.S. troops that are still kept here.
Orders for home appliances, machinery and other major durable goods rose 3.3 percent last month, the government said.
Former Sen. Howard Baker Jr. says Congress may be institutionally incapable of setting its own salary. "It is the grand daddy conflict of interest of all time," he told the salary commission.
When one lumps all the split capital shares together, you end up with a conventional investment trust.
But it requires wholesale replacement of lecturers and classrooms with silicon chips and glass threads.
If the money was placed in a money market account paying 6.5%, the loss after two two-week delays would come to $19.94.
Apart from a standard database providing an overview of financial markets, Pulse offers foreign exchange, various indices, equities and metals.
The oil concern agreed to increase its contribution to the hospital and medical insurance as much as an additional $10 a month per employee the first year and as much as an additional $12 a month per employee in the second year.
He also succeeded in having charges dropped against a man in connection with the killing of two soldiers at an IRA funeral last year.
His death June 3, and the July 28 election of Rafsanjani, raised hopes that Iran's leadership would move the country away to some extent from clerical domination.
The cave-in occurred as the men were removing coal about 2,400 feet into the mine.
She said released hostages have told her that guards hold guns to the heads of the captives every time there is a knock on the door.
Bush was to meet on Tuesday with Vaclav Havel, the new president of Czechoslovakia, and the first of the new Eastern European leaders to come to the White House.
The boom in the property and stock markets fizzled out two years ago.
Second, it avoids the "moral hazard" problem of rewarding countries that have not undertaken significant adjustment measures or that do not need debt relief.
About 70% of NCR's shareholders are predominantly institutional investors who can readily be contacted by AT&T's proxy solicitors.
According to the royal palace, the crackdown left 10 people dead and 107 injured throughout the country on April 6. But witnesses said at least 200 people were killed in Katmandu alone.
Ellin said Almaraz told him he was exposed to AIDS when blood from an AIDS patient squirted into his eyes and mouth during an operation in New York about seven years ago.
She said Hunthausen has not significantly changed his leadership since the Vatican investigation.
In Oklahoma, lightning struck an oil storage tank in Yukon, sparking a fire that destroyed a second tank and threatened a third tank saved by firefighters.
Nov. 2 _ The Texas Supreme Court refuses to hear Texaco's appeal, letting stand the judgment against Texaco, now worth $10.3 billion.
Two warrants were issued for her arrest after she failed to make court appearances for her February offenses.
But AT&T said it has the only card whose software allows it to be used for multiple purposes.
"Sometimes hard times bring people together," said Sen. David Pryor, D-Ark., a member of the ethics panel.
Its citizens' average income reached a peak of $1,720 dollars in 1982 after increasing for a decade, and has dropped since.
The Senate opened debate on the U.S.-Soviet medium-range missile treaty Tuesday, just over a week before President Reagan leaves for the Moscow summit.
Oil now covers 1,000 square miles, leaking out of the sound to foul beaches along the Gulf of Alaska and Cook Inlet.
The reforms were to include opening up the flagging centralized economy, removing restrictions on religion, and improving human rights standards.
Without the "strongest action" from FDA to stop the misleading claims, "we are approaching total chaos in the marketplace," Weiss said.
This month, for instance, Unocal received $42.23 a barrel for oil produced at Parachute Creek, but the government paid $23.46 of that.
"We, obviously, are urging that the cease-fire be maintained," he said.
And, they have character.
"I felt like once they got production up, you were going to get an incentive," he said Thursday. "The numbers just justify it." GM's minivans went on sale last October.
But blacks voted for him just the same, and he won.
An earlier edition incorrectly said it borrowed the full amount.
Hills operates 139 discount department stores in the U.S.
Jobs of activated reservists are guaranteed upon return.
The crisis prompted cancellation of today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Colombia.
Justice Department spokesman Pat Korten confirmed Tuesday night in a telephone interview that Meese had recused himself from the investigation.
He whispered that his brother had been there.
Adding to the nervousness was concern over the report due tomorrow on last month's merchandise trade balance.
Dr. Peter Rosier, who said he wanted to end his wife's suffering from cancer, was found innocent of first-degree murder, attempted murder and conspiracy.
Texas Air's fuel management arrangement with Eastern.
It was expected to be formally announced to about 5,000 theologians and archaeologists at the American Schools of Oriental Research convention in New Orleans this weekend.
For a biography of this difficult artist that captures the man's spirit, the ingenious sparkle that subdued his enemies and found its way into all those marvelous novels, readers unfamiliar with Waugh may prefer Mr. Sykes's less exacting volume.
"The Department of Conservation is asking for a 48-hour cleanup capability for a much larger minimum spill of at least 250,000 barrels," the size of the Exxon Valdez disaster, said Dietrick.
Many Christian fundamentalists, who interpret the Bible literally, believe the ark must be on Mount Ararat.
The 18 manuscripts include religious works by Mozart and Michael Haydn transcribed by monks in the 18th century and s- an evening mass - and liturgical works by lesser-known composers, Roberts said.
"This is a contest, this is a fight," says Don Sipple of Sipple Strategic Communications in Washington, one of three political consultants creating the current crop of Bush ads.
For many in this country where food is a national obsession, Bocuse remains "the emperor" of cuisine, despite the rating of three toques, by the 1989 edition of the Gault-Millau guidebook, which deemed his food not in step with the times.
We'll end up at No. 1 for basketball players to see, or at No. 5 at infant height," he says.
Now I do. In the crystal-clear waters of Lake Lucerne, I see swans plunge their necks downwards and sweep the bottom with their bills, watch flocks of ducks use their wings to swim along under the surface as if in flight.
Peck, 72, was honored at a tribute Thursday attended by scores of Hollywood stars.
As a result, Taiwan has stopped shipping the machine-tool parts to Israel, and the Israeli company that made the machine tools has gone out of business."
Mr Mallinkrodt says this encourages their clients to trust them.
The news conferences were hastily called after news of the gene discovery leaked out earlier this week.
It said the likely gross sales of gilts would be Pounds 37bn, and it would continue to fund via a combination of monthly gilt auctions and sales of stock 'on tap' in the secondary market.
The reporters shoved telephones out their hotel windows and allowed listeners back home to hear the actual sounds of the beginning of the war.
The State Department "has let this thing slide" Hopkins said in a telephone interview Friday.
And we saw Vice President Bush fly back from the West Coast to break a tie in the United States Senate.
Hydro-Quebec today has more U.S. dollar debt than any corporation in the industrial world, except for a couple of the biggest LBOs.
The crack was in the outermost of four panes of glass in the porthole.
Friday's action by federal agents was the first in the case in some time.
There were no bridges or border posts or hustlers here, just a rowboat and a ferryman sitting on the far bank beside a burro.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs also said they were satisfied with the jury award.
London shares climbed, pushed up by a surging pound and a firm opening on Wall Street.
All I know is that the structure there is illegal," Ms. Davidson said.
"We believe this special rate program will stimulate car buyers to visit their local GM dealers," said John R. Edman, GMAC chairman.
The authority has filed an appeal in state Supreme Court claiming insufficient evidence of discrimination and that the award was excessive.
Cameras are allowed in the courtroom only during recesses, Patterson decided.
Northern EC nations said the plan discriminates against their relatively large, efficient farms.
Now its ambitious expansion plans are being scaled back.
Sales rose 16% to $1.02 billion.
One hijacker appeared in the door of the plane with a hand grenade in his upraised fist.
The magazine, which features topless women, tattoo artists and bikers in black leather, carries a 10-page piece on the publisher of Forbes magazine, himself an avid biker.
Mr. Beregovoy's comments to the newspaper Liberation appear to confirm that speculation.
Don't forget to allow for the bulky wires and plugs at the back of the components.
An official at Orlando's airport, where Braniff flies about 25 flights a day, said the airline told her only that flights were canceled for yesterday afternoon.
The yen has been under pressure recently because of Japan's relatively low interest rates and as rumors of anotehr stock scandal start to surface.
Bush did not take part in the two leaders' 30-minute Oval Office meeting but did join talks attended by Secretary of State George Shultz and other top officials from both governments on a wide range of international problems.
"In the new year, may the only cold war in the world be the one being fought by us," say the ads for the antihistamine and nasal decongestant.
TransCanada said it will modify part of the old expansion proposal in its new plan.
Abdel-Moneim did not give the exact number of Arab countries that had accepted Mubarak's summit proposal.
Mr. Poole's favorites are Nancy Oh, Come By Chance, and Nicky's Nose.
It's more crowded than Dunwoody, and the students on average score lower on standardized tests like the SAT.
An attempt to quietly remove a nearly century-old stone monument honoring white supremacists has sparked racial tensions and threatens federal funds for a construction project, officials said.
At the same time, 71 percent of all single-parent households pay more than 50 percent of their incomes for rent.
Consumer complaints against airlines in May rose 34% from the previous month, and were almost triple the year-earlier level, the Transportation Department said.
It is then for the business world to judge whether the cost will match the benefit. Michael Fowle is senior UK audit partner at KPMG Peat Marwick.
But the hypocrisy continues.
But Wood and Richards spoke freely.
And they say his grave belongs here in the country's capital because he was the only person ever to unite Yugoslavia's feuding ethnic groups.
The events - and, where possible, the survivors - speak for themselves.
At Cornell University, which will announce a roughly 7 percent tuition increase later this month, aid costs will reach $17.8 million next fall, compared with just $5.1 million in 1981, according to spokesman Sam Segal.
I'm not going to tell you what it is; just read it and call me back.' "When I opened the package and read `Arthur on the Rocks,' I said, `Oh, wait a minute, is this a good idea?'
Mr. Scott says he believes that, and adds: "I don't think Mr. Iacocca would authorize a bizarre thing like this."
Reporter Leonid Zagalsky of Literaturnaya Gazeta recently wrote that many health facilities appeared to be "from the previous century."
KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out, then later sold Storer's cable operations at a fat profit.
"They really are in poor condition," he said. "Nationally, many school systems are not making physical education a mandatory course, or it's being dropped back to once a week.
Ramini Narayan, the head of organic and polymer research at Purdue University, has overcome these difficulties with a process that has attracted the interest of such big plastics makers as Dow Chemical Co. and Mobil Corp.
France, which has close ties to the Lebanese and ruled the country until 1943, suggested Perez de Cuellar travel to Syria or Tunisia to work out a cease-fire.
Bush's top economic adviser, Michael Boskin, trounced proposals that would have required automakers to increase the fuel efficiency of their cars and ordered greater use of nongasoline fuels, said some officials who were present.
A FIRE yesterday destroyed one of the most eye-catching pavilions of the Seville Universal Exposition, which opens on April 20, writes Tom Burns in Madrid. Firemen fought a four-hour battle to extinguish the blaze at the 'Time Machine'.
American Savings continues to be highly sensitive to interest-rate swings, and its core deposit base has been weakening.
Strongly capitalized West German and British banks generally appear to be in the best position among those in the EC nations to take advantage of the new rules.
Senators have noted that the Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power to declare war.
He measures that area at barely above recession level.
"Even if he didn't do much for the progress of our country, he didn't kill anybody," said Safi, who studied at Czechoslovakia's Charles University.
"If it intensifies and major nations are drawn into a conflict there, it is well to remember that copper is called the `metal of war,'" he said.
Mr Mark Vaughan Lee, chairman, said Danka had built stocks when prices rose due to exchange rate movements.
What happens, for instance, if Mattel inadvertently sends out a shipment of defective Barbie dolls and buyers refuse to pay for them?
A jury convicted them last year of extortion and both were sentenced to three years in prison with the recommendation they be released on parole after serving six months.
Winners included Sony, which rose 180 yen to 8650 yen ($1.13 to $54.45), and TDK, which was up 180 yen at 7060 yen.
More than a half dozen tornadoes accompanying the hurricane hit the Brownsville area today in advance of the center of the storm, blowing over at least two homes and injuring one person, a boy who suffered a minor head wound.
NASA administrator James Fletcher's announcement in January that the civilian-in-space program for the shuttle was kaput for "the next 20 flights, maybe forever" didn't help erase this perception.
There is that syndrome where the salesman sells you something and does not need to come back to you.
He no longer gives interviews because of what his spokesman calls inaccurate information in newspaper stories.
The former Communists finished third in East Germany's first free elections in March.
And there can be no question that the 1992 realisation of this Cosi proves infinitely preferable to the 1989 original.
A group of Democrats, together with one or two Republicans who voted against the president's plan, have been trying to draw up such an alternative.
The retail business, the purchase of which has been sharply criticized by shareholders and analysts, showed earnings more than doubled last year.
The robbery was believed carried out by a radical revolutionary group.
"These are general human rights, and they should be respected," Yuri V. Dubinin, the Soviet ambassador, said at a news conference in which he steered clear of the widespread condemnation of Iranian death threats against the author.
Oil is abundant, too.
My knuckles were pointing downward instead of out, and I was afraid I'd hurt my arm," the inventor testifies.
Among Moslem rulers, the trend is to try to co-opt it.
Saturday, he referred to it as a "family tax" that would drive up mortgage costs and prevent millions of people from buying homes.
The police spokesman quoted Winkler as telling the militia's chief of staff, Usama Saad, he did not know the identity of those who held him.
Bankers now seem to agree that economic growth must precede repayment, and that much of the debt is unpayable, as Latin leaders have argued for years.
He joked to the audience that it was wise to have Dukakis and himself appear on different days.
Tom Tyson, an OTC trader at Hambrecht & Quist Inc., said the strong book-to-bill figures portend a strengthening in the economy.
The bride, her head draped with a Spanish-style mantilla, has eyes only for her lover, whom she has abandoned to marry an older, richer man pictured in a top hat.
However, Thornburgh said, "We are taking steps to provide the necessary documentation to secure his extradition to the United States." A Colombian official said in Bogota that the first moves toward extraditing Martinez had already been made.
He carries a book to read, with pictures of his attorney wife and two-year-old daughter tucked inside.
The reason: Both domestic and foreign companies will scurry to purchase undervalued assets in the expectation that mergers and takeovers will be less favorably viewed by a new administration in Washington next year.
It's not the same as someone's back garden,' says Mr David Beskine, the Ramblers' campaigner on rights of way. The association is adamant it is not disputing ownership.
That is a worry that Sen. Wirth says he first began hearing a year ago during a meeting with Soviet scientists in Boston, several of whom have worked in the Soviet nuclear weapons program.
If these proceeds were spread over five years, the PSBR would be cut by Pounds 18bn initially (Pounds 15bn from the flotation, plus Pounds 3bn saving on road expenditure), and by more as the savings on debt interest built up.
United Newspapers publishes London's Daily Express and Sunday Express newspapers.
Die Welt said the former chief aide to SS leader Heinrich Himmler, Werner Grothmann, a long-time friend of Schulze-Kossens, was among two former Nazi officers who delivered eulogies during the service.
Prime informed only 14 of its customers of the injunction but notified the bulk of its other customers that it was still bound by Prime service contracts, the attorney said.
Adoptive parents, too, are seeking help from the agencies, saying their children are preoccupied with the question of where they came from.
When the promotion was launched last month, McDonald's said it planned to serve 80 million of the four-ounce boneless shoulder cuts, which are prepared in a hickory-flavored sauce with pickles and onions on a home-style roll.
The university's chief administrator, Rector Jakes Gerwel, says the campus will be "an intellectual home for the left." Tutu has been the target of government wrath for years because of his support of sanctions.
"Losing," in a democratic sense, is an alien concept in Communist social thinking.
Mexican inflation during the year's first 10 months surpassed that of all of 1986, the central bank said.
The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates, conservative, free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps.
There's talk now that the FDA is pondering making implants available only to women who have lost breasts to cancer.
Rogers commanded the missile cruiser that mistakenly shot down an Iranian airliner in the Persian Gulf last July, killing all 290 people aboard.
In all, the 15 states accounted for more than 71 percent of the total U.S. export value last year, about the same proportion as in 1988.
The court documents contain transcripts of FBI interviews of Bailin in January 1989, six months before he was indicted by a federal grand jury.
Successes included observations of a white dwarf star, a star near the end of its life; a galaxy 41 million light years away that is believed to contain a black hole, ad Crab Nebula, a remnant of a supernova that occurred more than 900 years ago.
The collapse of oil prices in 1981 brought on the current economic crisis.
Col. Oliver North and Rear Adm.
The fixed-rate deal, RTC 1991-3, was backed by whole loans with original terms of 15 years and 30 years.
On July 18, the eve of a planned mass opposition rally, the government tightened martial law and threatened offenders with death sentences.
The air station is located on the eastern side of San Francisco Bay.
There have been conflicting studies on whether the Alaska spill would have been significantly reduced if the Exxon Valdez had a double hull.
Caplan said there was a "two-year window" between enactment of one law regarding sanity determination and a state Supreme Court ruling that the law had incorrectly stated legislative intent.
In Tokyo, Fujitsu declined to comment, saying a statement was being prepared.
Miami attorney Neal Sonnett, who represents Noriega on the drug indictments, said in Miami that he doubts the talks have ended.
The average yield for a two-year broker-sold CD fell to 8.13% from 8.22%.
Jack Lindsay, a prolific Australian man of letters and lifelong Marxist, died at his home in the English university city of Cambridge.
Robert L. Charlebois, who sang in major opera houses of Europe in the 1950s and early 1960s, has died after a long illness.
So the merchant bank is concentrating on "new things," including the trading of a world-wide range of stocks, bonds, Treasury bills and currencies.
The bishops did not take a stand on whether penalties should be imposed, but several Catholic leaders said the church should discuss the possibility and action has been taken in some dioceses.
His widow, who lives in Sun Prairie, Wis., is the heir to his estate.
Analysts said that closely held Macy is marginally profitable at best and is saddled with huge debt payments.
"The market for left-handed golfers is much smaller than the right-handed market," says Mr. Olman, shaking his head in disgust.
The tourney delivered plenty of that, with four former titlists (Nicklaus, Floyd, Faldo and German Bernhard Langer) among the six players who began the final day in contention.
"The absolute increases in manufacturing productivity and output don't support the case for a rapidly eroding industrial base.
Here Mr. Kinsley's slogan, "Innocent civilians will be killed," is being implanted by the intellectuals and media to justify the betrayal of anti-Communist movements in Angola and Mozambique.
Mr. Lear's own journey took him to the pinnacle of power and success in Hollywood, only to see him retreat for several years.
The question is whether Midland can deliver. The merger will certainly help bring new business in areas such as trade finance and treasury.
Paul Williams, Nuveen's manager of corporate planning and research, concedes that "we don't have true empirical evidence to explain the premium." But he offers a host of possible reasons.
A mutual fund, in contrast, can realize capital gains anytime and pass them on to holders without notice, thereby reducing the fund's net asset value and leaving holders with a tax liability.
President Ranasinghe Premadasa has demanded that the India withdraw its troops by the end of July, but Indian says a premature pullout would lead to even more violence.
As a result, I've changed my sexual habits.
Bush said that, if elected, he would seek an early meeting with Gorbachev.
Secretary of State James A. Baker III today tried to rally international support around U.S. efforts to keep Khmer Rouge guerrillas from regaining control in Cambodia.
It is the first time in church history for 117 to be elevated at one time, he said.
If Mr Soskovets' tough line - rather than Mr Yeltsin's quiet granting of soft loans - is to be the new rule in Russian economic policy, then Russia could be poised for one of the most serious political battles it has yet faced.
The Treasury's 30-year benchmark bond ended nearly 1/2 point higher while the issue's yield, which moves in the opposite direction of its price, eased to 8.44%.
Sen. Kennedy stressed a central point both in the committee room and before the full Senate: The Senate is to assess qualifications; it is not to examine political or judicial philosophy.
In another video, Gates showed how a student using a computerized encyclopedia could do a report on the state of Washington, where Microsoft is based.
There is $11.2 million of 6.75% term bonds priced at 96.81 to yield 7.05% in 2011.
The absence of Cheney from this week's witness list - and the lack of any guarantee he would testify at all - had been portrayed as a part of struggle between Nunn, a possible 1992 Democratic challenger for Bush's job, and the White House.
The expanding investigation involves 12 federal grand juries stretching from California to Maryland and some 80 military bases, according to attorneys familiar with the matter.
BellSouth closed at $41.125, down $1, on the New York Stock Exchange.
But others who follow the stock closely say that Carbide is likely to stay cheap for at least a year or two.
Prime Minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen, Social Democratic party leader, and Lone Dybkjaer, a leading light in the Radical Liberal party, have been living in unmarried bliss for the past two years.
Elephants, they say, never forget, so it is presumed enough Republicans will remember to show up on the right night for the George Bush nominating rites.
Unemployment, officially unknown under the former Communist leadership, stands at 70,000 and is expected to include 200,000 of the 4.5 million work force by next year.
Thousands of angry opposition supporters surrounded government office buildings in several cities Saturday, calling for recounts or demanding results.
In any event there was also some modestly encouraging news around last week.
U.S. equity prices added somewhat to their gains in the afternoon before slipping back near the close of trading.
Without the results from the newest concern, Showboat Inc.'s Showboat Casino, Hotel & Bowling Center, July winnings weren't much higher than last year.
Nevertheless, the use of credit cards continues to grow.
The board rejected Davis' bid and his subsequent tender offer for the same amount, but it invited him to submit a higher bid in a process that quickly attracted financially troubled Pan Am.
Analysts say the problem was that it wasn't low enough in calories.
It said Mahmoud Suliman participated in all four attacks and his brother Ahmed in some of them.
A House subcommittee last year looked into the possibility that the FBI's interviews of TecNica volunteers returning from Nicaragua amounted to an unwarranted investigation of the group.
The insurance company I tried as an alternative did not cover eastern Europe, so I asked my employer, which had some experience in eastern Europe, if it could help.
"The banks we think would fit into our concept are either government-owned or not for sale, though Deutsche Bank would be able to pay a good price."
Teachers said advertising is a small price to pay for the benefits of getting a quality magazine free.
A wide range of political agreements with the Soviet Union in recent weeks have left critics wondering whether Bonn wasn't forgetting other obligations.
DeLisle, 30, and his wife maintain the car plunge was an accident, caused when a leg cramp forced DeLisle to jam his foot against the gas pedal and sent the car through a barrier rail and into the river.
It should boost the pay of senior and mid-level examiners to stem a 10 percent turnover rate.
The shares closed 9 lower at 37p. Engineering group James Wilkes was once again the subject of bid speculation, with stakeholder Suter named as the likely predator.
However, Chris Robling, a Chicago-based consultant hired by Mr. Palermo to lobby ABA members, said that Mr. Palermo's efforts received financial and other support from anti-abortion lobbying groups.
They said Ms. Smith told their daughter she had the baby and was released from the hospital the same day.
Several previous delays were attributed to construction quality problems.
Soybean futures were mixed, with the July contract higher on reports of heavy trading in Europe of soybean oil and soybean meal.
He came East, he said, in hopes of finding a publisher for his latest project, a compilation of writings on prejudice.
The White House abandoned the bid for a compromise after chief of staff John Sununu met for a second day Monday with leading anti-abortion congressmen.
But some dealers said they thought sentiment would improve after the U.S. Treasury's auction of $7.25 billion of four-year notes, scheduled to take place after the close of the European trading day.
Justice has been on the wrong side of the RICO debate ever since Rudy Giuliani discovered that yelling Racketeer was easier than proving real crime.
Three of the tornado victims, a couple and their infant son, died when their mobile home in Scott was battered by the last of the tornadoes to hit the state, authorities said.
Eilat, which receives at least 500,000 visitors a year, has a small airport which cuts the town in half and cannot receive jumbo jets.
The main models to be shipped will be Accords and Civics.
The bill also directs the Energy Department to prepare for a comprehensive treaty banning nuclear tests, a longtime goal of arms control supporters.
With a 1986 return on average equity of 25%, it contributed one quarter, or $316.1 million, of American Express's 1986 net income of $1.25 billion.
He fell out of rank, got hit by a tank.
But a protest organizer said 99 percent of the demonstrators were local people angered at having to pay higher taxes.
This really forces a proactive management style, and survival of the fittest among the middle and lower size companies that make up the majority of the market. The extra problem in Europe at the moment is of course the high cost of money.
Cross-country, or nordic, skiing was then in its infancy in the U.S., and the Brautigams saw in the Camels Hump foothills a natural setting for the sport.
"We must say we find ourselves frustrated and concerned at this point," Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Linn Williams told reporters after the talks.
Tresor, the new Lancome fragrance, has been lavishly promoted since its launch two years ago and is now one of the world's top five perfumes. The pressure on L'Oreal's research and marketing budgets seems set to intensify in the future.
"Thank you!" they responded.
Nationwide, 96% of the corn crop has been planted compared with an average of 97% for this time of the year, according to the Agriculture Department.
"So it has gotten this bad," sighs Marta Elena Alvarez, a peasant woman balancing a bag of corncobs on her head and a baby on her shoulder, as she watches the crowd inch toward the soldiers.
He lauded the group for its accomplishments and said: "If we do this enough, and if I make the point how strongly I feel about what you do, I think the country will understand very clearly what I mean when I talk about 1,000 points of light," he said.
But an estimated 51,000 bodies have been buried there, meaning 33,000 were improperly buried, according to DiBlasi and a report by another investigator filed in the court case.
In Wyoming, a thunderstorm generated winds gusting to 59 mph. Thunderstorms produced small hail in the Big Horn Mountains in the north central part of the state.
Jewish groups have said the convent and the placement of religious symbols at Auschwitz, including a 23-foot-high cross, is deeply offensive to them.
Windfall oil profits, the result of increased production and higher prices, have given Saudi Arabia a painless way to finance much of the cost of the U.S. military deployment in the Persian Gulf, industry analysts say.
As a result, stocks quickly gave up their early gains and drifted for much of the session before taking their cue from the bond market, which slumped amid concerns that the Federal Reserve may be acting to tighten credit.
Last month's report showing an unexpectedly large $13.83 billion deficit in February triggered a sharp sell-off in both the dollar and Treasury bonds.
Meanwhile, the Secret Service and police said that a man with a stun gun hanging from his belt was taken into custody.
The shares closed yesterday at $22, up 12.5 cents, in national over-the-counter trading.
Shamir called the meeting "a slap in the face" and told party members "It was possible to see on television how much they (Said and Abu Lughod) hate Israel," the daily Yediot Ahronot reported Thursday.
Mr Heseltine had been drafted in to answer Mr Smith because Mr Norman Lamont, the chancellor, was giving evidence to the Treasury committee. Mr Smith used his opening speech to review the government's pledges of an early economic upturn.
If untreated, 60 percent of patients develop arthritis-like symptoms.
By that time I had already played 100,000 games." Organizers said the festival was a dress rehearsal for the National Bridge Festival, which is to resume this summer at Mamaia, on the Black Sea.
The company's shares closed Friday at $18.375, off 12.5 cents, in American Stock Exchange composite trading.
About 8,800 firefighters are battling the worst of some 200 blazes in the West and Alaska, 16 of them considered major fires. Nearly a third of the manpower is in Yellowstone National Park, where fires have charred 140,000 acres.
(His two unsuccessful Senate races in Maine also has prepared him for losing).
Food shortages also were caused by Russian purchases of Estonian agricultural products for hard currency.
She will succeed William von Raab, who resigned under pressure in July.
He also asked contemporary artists to do new works about the couple.
Analysts have speculated that his offer was intended to flush out other bidders for Texaco.
Net interest charges increased to Pounds 221,000 (Pounds 184,000). The increase in debt was due mainly to a heavy capital expenditure programme of Pounds 2.6m on new factories and machinery.
They're our main target," bureau director John Savich said Tuesday.
Ceausescu, 71, came to power in 1965.
Her book is full of examples of this, disclosed with astonishing candour.
Some of the oil was washing up on Castle Hill beaches early Saturday, said Gov. Edward D. DiPrete.
We cannot accept any connection between bank disbursements and those of the IMF," Mr. Bresser Pereira said.
Satellite television discussions with American studio audiences also have given Soviets a chance to learn first-hand about life in the United States.
Acutely aware if not jealous of the connections archrival Bechtel Group Inc. has had with top government figures (including former Secretary of State George Shultz), Fluor is now leaning on its outside directors for help.
The lunglike membrane on top of the film has to be custom designed to the respiration rate of each type of produce held in the box, and it requires good refrigeration for optimum performance.
Congress may streamline the multilayered RTC oversight bureaucracy to involve fewer agencies.
The students were then asked to fill in this questionaire, and told that the person they were about to meet would scrutinize it.
As a result, Faye Wattleton, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, says 65% of the women eligible for the services can't receive them.
The new facility comprises three cast concrete buildings.
The new Boy Scout handbook still tells Scouts to "be prepared" and how to use a compass, build campfires and tie knots.
European Community fisheries council meets in Luxembourg.
HUD's Birmingham office, without a system to double-check on the receipt of funds from HUD closings, thought the $2 million from 63 sales closings went to its central office account, according to agency records.
Mrs. Marcos' lawyers earlier asked Keenan to caution the jury against watching a mini-series, "A Dangerous Life," which dramatized the fall of the Marcos regime.
Some active Treasury bonds jumped more than 1 1/2 points, bringing the gain since Monday to over two points.
Ranges in most of the West needed rain, but livestock was said to be in "mostly good' condition.
However, Mr. Boesky faces civil suits from individuals who claim they have been damaged by his actions.
"I got friends who never use paragraphs," one reasons, "and they make a lot more money than teachers do." One of those hapless teachers is Miles Bannon, a guilt-saturated Everyman.
For Conservatives, proud of their tradition of party unity, the squabbling is an embarrassment.
Sales for ASC were Dollars 334.3m, down 16 per cent on the previous year.
Nicola Foulston, owner and chief executive of Brands Hatch racing circuit, began running her own business at an early age.
The Tribune-Turner network would charge in the same price range as syndicated programming, Mr. Swift said.
Baker's appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee came as lawmakers stepped up demands for a role in any decision to attack Iraqi troops.
Later, the company dropped the plan in favor of a stock buy-back and Mr. Sosnoff began selling his stake.
The Salomon Brothers unit's fourth-quarter pretax profit of $27 million compared with a loss of $90 million in 1990's fourth quarter.
Letters from the transport workers' and flight engineers' unions supporting Mr. Shugrue were delivered to the board before its meeting yesterday.
It will pay 70 lire a share on preferred and 125 lire on each nonconvertible savings share.
The board also would mandate production of so-called zero-emission electric cars starting in 1998.
Southland's profit margins also would drop significantly in a recession, he said.
(In U.S. dollars) British pound ......... 1.8695 1.8705 1.8735 Canadian dollar ....... 0.8085 0.8089 0.8117 (In foreign units to U.S. dollar) French franc ..........
Police searched the area and found no bomb.
However, the effects of the Brazilian loans were offset by gains from the sale of real estate in Osaka, Japan, for $52 million after taxes.
The ISU ceremony marking the fifth anniversary of his capture was delayed from Friday to Monday to wait for students to return to the central Iowa campus from spring break.
"If he's also thinking about his career, that's probably natural.
The Class A pays quarterly dividends at an annual rate of 10 cents a share, but each share has only 1/20th of a vote.
Core drilling has unearthed a scattering of sand-grain sized diamonds, too few and too small for commercial production.
The Los Angeles securities firm disclosed its bid for a "friendly" buy-out after the market closed Friday.
Sales jumped 12.2% to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen.
Dr. Gray is principal author of the study in today's New England Journal of Medicine.
The attack came as the singer and about 30 Israelis demonstrated outside this military base, 8 miles south of Tel Aviv, where some of the conscientious objectors are being held.
The first is that he intends the BBC to be a managed institution, rather than an agglomeration of committees and warring baronies.
Military officials blamed the attack on the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam militia.
Judge Walker also clarified an earlier ruling that could make it slightly more difficult for Microsoft and HP to undercut Apple's work.
In rejecting Tunnerman's visa request, State Department deputy spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley said Thursday that he had abused his privileges of residence in the United States and therefore is not welcome in this country.
What more could anyone ask?
Secrecy can affect job seekers, too.
Otherwise banks probably would have to immediately reserve for the money they contribute to the $5.2 billion credit.
Earl said today that the government promised not to stop cars of suspected aliens based on appearance alone, "but that was never done anyway.
This ignores the complexity of many savings and pension products and the difficulty of comparing one with another.
Neanderthals (original versions) lived an average of 29 years.
In the Dutch study, Dr. Goudsmit and his team kept track of neurological symptoms in 196 AIDS patients between 1982 and 1988.
The four republics together account for 85% of Soviet gross national product.
He also said Wednesday that if members of the full Senate bring up questions about Tower's personal life the lawmakers may be forced to meet behind closed doors.
The use of other agencies' obligations as collateral is allowable, although no substitution is permitted.
To the rest of Europe, the division of Yugoslavia can hardly make any strategic difference.
Congress's failure to overhaul the Gramm-Rudman budget law before leaving for its August recess makes it unlikely that there will be substantial budget reductions this year.
Claims that more might be found in this way are, I regret to say, much exaggerated. Next, I propose to broaden the tax base.
So how did I get glaucoma?"
There appears to be growing sentiment in Congress to plug this loophole, while giving regulators more time to determine the potential competitive impact of proposed takeovers.
His reception at the parliament was also lukewarm, even though he went out of his way to praise Japan's "indomitable spirit of hard work, inexhaustible talents and traditional discipline."
"We found that the markets are essentially stable and sound, and that they are not `tilted' against the individual investor," said General Motors Corp.
The fishing restrictions, which take effect Friday and will last at least through February, apply to most trout streams east of the Rocky Mountains and a few in western Montana, the commission said Monday.
"Right now, we've got our fingers crossed that this wind isn't going to be that harsh," said fire information officer Dick Guth. That fire is considered about 60 percent contained.
The NYSE's composite index of all its listed common stocks rose 0.24 to 161.25.
Nick Wantiez of the local FAA office said Monday the investigation also would cover airline complaints ranging from wrong parts to incorrectly installed firefighting systems.
You communicate in a thousand different ways what are the values of the company.' Mr Fitzpatrick says he leads by example.
Instead of depressing the dollar to correct the trade deficit, Mr. Hagens favors restraints on domestic demand to slow imports.
Terex said the economic downturn is hurting its operating performance, particularly in heavy equipment.
Deportable Cuban detainees are being held in a strict "lockdown" in a penitentiary in Talladega, Ala., so another disturbance is considered unlikely.
They put out a general alert.
Someday they may replace radioactive tracers now used to study and treat diseases like cancer and AIDS, Harvey said.
The company is in the Guiness Book of Records for the world's most complicated pocket watch without precious metals.
Countries tend to depreciate their currencies against those of the trading partners with which they have sustained worrisome deficits.
In a campaign speech, Lok Dal's leader Devi Lal boasted that Haryana "will be the beginning of the end for Rajiv Gandhi."
An ABC News-Washington Post tracking poll published in Tuesday's editions of the Post gave Simon the lead with 39 percent support to Jackson's 34 percent among very likely Democratic voters.
But Grand Met is confident it can do for Totino's frozen pizza, the Jolly Green Giant and Haagen Dazs what it has already done for Absolut vodka, Baileys Original Irish Cream and an ailing chain of British steakhouses called Berni Inn.
Local radio quoted some protesters as saying they would rather die in Hong Kong than be forced back home.
They said rebels of the Maoist-inspired Shining Path guerrilla movement carried out the raid.
It does not include $27 billion that the IRS believes will never be collected because of death, bankruptcy and inability to locate the debtor.
Yuan's death was one of five reported by the government in the protest.
When baking or cooking, have your child help by reading directions on packages and measuring incredients into bowls.
Americans and Soviets contribute to the space junk, too.
This seasonal lull reduces the need for crude, and with traders feeling more optimistic about the Middle East situation, allows supply-and-demand forces to have an impact on trading.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Duquesne Light shares closed at $12.75, unchanged.
After several months of struggle, banks were forced to suspend cash payments nationwide, leading to illiquidity, a stock market crash, and a dramatic fall in economic activity.
Smog-causing pollutants, or ozone, are reduced through controls on automobiles and industry, with annual pollution improvements of 4 percent a year required over first six years.
The thousands of workers who braved icy wind to report for 6 a.m. shift appeared willing to follow the advice.
They were pulverized for medicine and dye in the Middle Ages.
She said she saw crack cocaine made and sold, saw organization members get paid up to $800 a week and saw people beaten who crossed the Chambers brothers. "I got pulled into it.
Radio System Bounces Data off Meteor Trails BROADCOM, a tiny New Jersey company, is commercializing stardust.
About $1.1 million will be used to reimburse the state attorney general for legal costs, and the remainder will be used to establish a nonprofit corporation to train state employees on insurance regulation and oversight.
"Don't run your life by what's legal or illegal.
In addition, Cadillac is guaranteeing the resale value for leased 1987 model Allantes, some dealers said.
One person was in the intensive care unit Thursday evening.
I could become one of those little white headstones in Arlington National Cemetery any day!" Several sailors said Hartwig told them he had "feelings of suicide" and "had attempted suicide."
Analysts attribute the slow sales to fewer jobs and less income and anxiety over the Persian Gulf crisis.
Instead, local hunters opt for the area's fantastic quail or pheasant hunting, which share most of the prairie chicken's three-month season (November through January).
Finally, Macmillan's instruction segment, which includes Berlitz language courses and Katherine Gibbs secretarial schools, also has been expanding.
The gun belonged to the Durango Police Department on loan from the FBI, according to court documents.
Meetings of EU environment ministers in Dresden, and culture ministers in Wuerzburg, Germany.
Its Del Monte canned foods and fresh fruit businesses and some of its foreign holdings were among those sold.
WAL-MART Stores, the largest US retailer in terms of sales, yesterday unveiled a 21.5 per cent increase in second-quarter profits after tax, to Dollars 420.4m.
Five heavily armed men were arrested in a surprise raid last week at a downtown Bogota apartment.
Back in the chase car, we drove around some more, got stuck in a ditch, enlisted the aid of a local farmer to get out the trailer hitch and pull us out of the ditch.
But there comes a time when a new town ceases to be a new town and achieves a critical mass. 'You need government money to prime the pump at first, put the roads in and so on.
It saw Canary Wharf as 'a business opportunity to be captured'.
Mr. Armstrong, whose airline has let him take time off to press his crusade, has met the same sort of reluctance all over this fertile, scenic valley.
Proscar must be taken continually to arrest prostate growth, suggesting the drug could be used by men for years.
"Now we don`t have such conditions," a Defense Ministry spokesman said at a news briefing.
"It's great," she said, tearing into her dinner. "There ain't no such thing as the Easter Bunny, and I ain't no kid.
Retirement has no beneficial effects on the quality of marriages among older people, said Gary Lee, a University of Florida gerontologist and sociology professor.
The leaders spoke at a ceremonial meeting of Parliament commemorating the 34th anniverary of Hungary's 1956 revolution, the bloodiest in the Soviet bloc.
They set out in May hoping to reach the Arkansas town of El Dorado, where Tong had settled and raised a family after fleeing Saigon in 1975.
VIENNA - Orgnization of Petroleum Exporting Countries scheduled to hold conference.
A Justice Department prosecutor on the case couldn't be reached.
Lundberg noted that active euthanasia already is performed in the Netherlands and a public referendum on the practice may be on the California ballot this year.
In that small market, Point Beer is going head-to-head with national brands in its television campaign, said Kenneth Shibilski, Stevens Point Brewery president.
The Bush budget revisions would include the $1.9 billion cost to taxpayers next year of his program to bail out the ailing savings and loan industry.
Another feature film of last year was "Hamburger Hill," which resembles "Pork Chop Hill" (1959), a grueling battle piece about Korea.
Merchant Henry FitzAilwyn, the first lord mayor, was also the longest serving, with 20 years in office.
Tommy Munoz of Chicago was captured just after 5:30 p.m. Sunday by prison authorities who had staked out his cousin's house on the city's Southwest Side, about 40 miles east of the prison, Howell said.
As that happens, though, we expect that history will see the entire episode as a turning point in the development of our publications, of Singapore and of the freedom of information in an internationally wired and increasingly interdependent world.
It would be the first time the unions and associations have shared power since a member of a doctors' group headed a transitional cabinet for a year after the 1985 overthrow of long-time dictator Gaafar Nimeiri.
Much gente cree que solo personas de ciertos "grupos de alto riesqo" es infectada por el virus del SIDA.
Mr. Byrne says Fireman's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims, but, after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines, the company's fourthquarter charge against earnings shouldn't top $50 million.
But sooner or later the life-support supplied by Massachusetts Congressmen will fail.
Foreign Minister Moshe Arens today criticized the United States for coordinating with Arab states in drafting a U.N. resolution opposing settlement of Soviet Jews in occupied areas.
In 1984, with President Reagan heading the GOP ticket, Helms turned back a strong challenge by former Gov. Jim Hunt by 52 percent to 48 percent.
Noverco now holds 6,127,500 Sceptre shares.
Tisch said the sales have allowed CBS to focus on its basic business.
They require mandatory inspection of exhaust emissions and assembly-line testing and prohibit the sale of replacement parts that do not meet emission standards.
Meanwhile, Pennzoil began attacking Texaco's Chapter 11 protection.
The trial was before U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler, who also is handling the drug trial of deposed Panamanian ruler Manuel Antonio Noriega.
"The Abyss" could well be this summer's most ambitious, most problematic and, finally, most fascinating movie.
He said the defendants, all former makers of asbestos, which causes respiratory ailments, had been notified of the amounts he expects each to pay.
"They said the idea (of an independent, French-speaking Quebec) was dead; it is alive," a jubilant Jacques Parizeau said Monday night.
But despite the cease-fire, there have been daily firefights between Aoun's troops and Geagea's militiamen.
Mr. Ancier, Ms. Pratt, Sassy and Ms. Steinberg each own part of the show.
It declared the Lithuanian move illegal and the Soviet Constitution still in force.
"I see no reason why we shouldn't be able to collect everything," said Pennzoil's Mr. Kerr.
MIM was not relying on a recovery in prices to solve its problems -'we must do that ourselves by cutting costs and improving productivity'. Mr Fussell said there were very clear signs that metals demand was improving in the US.
Pentagon officials have argued that using their bases to help oust Gen.
But with privatization bogged down, there are no significant sales.
The company said a successor won't be named until after the annual meeting.
But political considerations may call the tune.
Ironically as the country struggles with the effect of growing capital inflows, the deal which reduces Poland's overall indebtedness to Dollars 38bn should lead to foreign investment worth an additional Dollars 1bn a year.
Mr. Boesky's activities in the futures market came to light at a Senate Agriculture Committee hearing yesterday, where Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chairwoman Susan Phillips was questioned about the trades.
Lower interest rates, like Japan's, tend to make a nation's currency less attractive to investors.
In April, the average price of regular unleaded gasoline was 93.3 cents a gallon, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
It is closely autobiographical: educated son of a miner, but whose mother is much more middle class.
The additional sites bring to 1,194 the waste dumps scheduled to be decontaminated under the Superfund program, which is aimed at dealing with the nation's most hazardous waste problems.
They fear the project would threaten navigation of the estuary. A feasibility study is being carried out on the project.
"I'm really fortunate that all the songs we do are my own compositions.
There are just too many economic problems for me." East Berlin's main avenue, the broad Unter den Linden, was a surging tide of shoulder-to-shoulder celebrants who flowed from one side of downtown to the other.
A fixed rate of 7.5 per cent is available until April 30 1995 on all mortgage types. Leeds Permanent has issued a three-year mortgage fixed at 7.45 per cent, but it is restricted to loans on not more than 70 per cent of the value of the home.
The newspaper Grassroots said it had confirmed 15 of the bodies were in a mortuary.
Much of the testimony at the hearing has focused on technical studies of how cracks form in 737s.
Israel rejected the PLO declarations as a ploy and continued its refusal to negotiate with the organization.
The tax act requires the reports to help the IRS collect contractors' delinquent taxes and spot hidden income; now, IRS Notice 871 says the first reports must be filed early in 1988 for 1987 payments.
The owner was insistent on a square-edge, straight-sided Belfast sink. The kitchen had several low windows which meant it was impractical to put in rows of cabinets.
The victories came mainly in the border regions of eastern Afghanistan where Kabul's security forces were left behind.
Dorothea Thomas-Vitrac, a New Braintree selectman, said the town did oppose some of the condominium and recreational development proposals put forth by Striar and Jacobson.
Partisan rhetoric might have to give way to solid action on the budget in order to clear the way for Congress to raise the nation's borrowing limit.
He was the Democratic front-runner until Chiles' surprise entry in April.
A total of 34 Ferraris were auctioned, which was attended by about 3,000 car lovers.
Banks are out there wanting to do business.' There are a number of reasons for the narrowing of margins.
The peasants, who had been raising cattle, took out a loan to cover the food, equipment and larvae to raise freshwater prawns.
It lacked energy, inner direction, strength of conviction; it gave the impression of rather tired imitation, of Vienna Phil re-production.
His comments and those of 10 other reserve officers appear in "Commanders' Reflections," a 34-page booklet published by the Kibbutz Artzi movement that unites 85 of Israel's 160-odd kibbutzim, or communal farms.
These include the delay that will now take place in the publication of departmental spending plans and the fact that taxation decisions will be taken well before the start of the new financial year.
Investors who had second thoughts after they bought gold as a hedge against inflation have pushed the price of the precious metal lower.
Autopsies were being performed on the four victims, and the fifth man was in stable condition late Tuesday at Ben Taub, he said.
"Bill had been tracking the same statistics independently since 1986 and was the only one of the 350 people to whom I sent the report who paid attention to it or agreed with it," Mr. Zuccarelli says.
"This change is designed to improve the efficiency of conducting our business in today's highly competitive business environment," said S.M. Cassiani, vice president of exploration for Exxon USA, the domestic subsidiary of Exxon Corp.
Assistant Public Defender Connie McGhee says her clients' wardrobes have troubled her for years.
When will we see her portrait bust hoisted over the orchestra pit where that lethal-looking abstract sculpture remains such a threatening sight; for the moment she is making do with two gigantic plaques hammered into the auditorium's walls.
Last week, when Lady Thatcher came out with her clarion call for the latter measure, British ministers dismissed it as 'emotional nonsense'.
Traders continued to speculate that a Japanese media report Tuesday citing "several" Bank of Japan sources saying the central bank will loosen credit soon was a deliberate leak to the media.
Revenues were $1.22 million, up from $1.13 million in the year-earlier quarter.
With more than 1,000 customers, Williams makes sure the package and panty are "color-coded to the season."
Would my word free the slaves when I cannot even enforce the Constitution in the rebel States?" The turning point in the Civil War came that summer, outside Gettysburg, Pa. For three days one of the war's bloodiest battles was fought.
"Productivity was terrible," and "boy, did they sock it to us" on wages.
However, the program allows a Medicaid recipient to retain his home _ usually a person's primary asset _ as long as a family member is living there or the recipient expects to return to the home.
"This conduct cannot be rewarded by the board," he said.
Though Ruder is a Reagan appointee, the administration is loath to nominate anyone who backs his view, and Senate Democrats won't approve anyone who doesn't.
The company also made a $20 million pretax provision to cover operating losses related to cost overruns on a unit's ship-repair contracts.
"But now, I get this message saying `Stop working for the Jews, stop working for the oppressors,' and I have to make up my mind," he told the Post. "Most of the others have gone.
"The overnight setback on Wall Street and the weaker dollar, coupled with profit taking, brought share prices sharply lower during early trading," said Taketomi Kikuchi of Sanyo Securites.
Texas law allows Bentsen to seek re-election while he runs for vice president.
He also made some half-hearted attempts to dilute Communist Party domination, but he remained strongly opposed to any real measures that would have limited Communist power.
While puzzling over her response, the narrator recounts how his mother would dismiss and rehire her several times in succession.
Like his father, he shipped out to face possible combat while still a teen-ager.
A group of 20 U.S. missile experts on Wednesday ended their inspections of installations in East Germany, the official East German news agency ADN said.
Moreover, the bank is struggling to come up with a plan to deal with at least two dozen Texas S&Ls that are still open but insolvent.
"Last night, we were going through a fair amount of anxiety about how we were going to pay our next round of bills," he says.
By late afternoon, the yield on the benchmark 30-year government security was up to 7.70 per cent, a fresh high on the year. But the reaction among equity investors was more measured even during the bleak early hours.
BTR said it urged him to "carefully consider" BTR's proposal, stressing "the importance of Mr. Archambault's participation in any combined enterprise."
Congressional action is expected sometime this summer.
With those advantages and the opportunities for running the acquired businesses without overheads rising proportionally, Mr Mills-Baker said he was pleased to have outbid the other interested companies, both UK and non-UK.
'Eventually,' he says, 'membership of Europe will be a question of purely economic rather than geographical criteria.
"They have gone through the Niagara River and into Lake Ontario," Ms. Claudi said. "Now they are swimming their way toward Toronto." Scientists are not sure what the ecological impact will be, but are fearful of it.
At the most dramatic moments, the screen showed Ceausescu and his wife, Elena, bundled out of an armored personnel carrier and put on trial.
"There were so many doors open for these people I know, and there were no doors open for me," Keen said.
Ford's net income in the U.S. fell $119 million, or 11%, from a year earlier, to $1.04 billion.
"Hardee's has found a way to expand its presence without diluting its penetration," said Daniel R. Lee, an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York, who called the deal a brilliant move.
Eyes glaze over when monetarists talk about base money, velocity or purchasing power parity.
Hormel said Charles B. Olson, president of Jennie-O, will also be named chief executive officer of the new subsidiary.
Meanwhile, the pound came under pressure from heavy corporate selling in London, traders said, prompting Britain's central bank to buy the currency.
He hasn't made any filings to the Securities and Exchange Commission involving Tiffany, which would be required if he owned 5 percent or more of the company's stock.
The seventh measure, a proposal to allow North Dakota legislators to join the state Public Employees Retirement System, lost by 88 percent, the unofficial totals showed.
Aage Danielsen, a Norwegian rescue vessel captain, said the missing passengers were believed still on the ferry.
He became concerned after hearing news reports 10 days earlier that an identical cannonball that was given to the St. Clements Island Museum had been found to be live, said fire marshal's spokesman Bob Thomas.
Lotus hasn't met much success selling software for the Macintosh.
The worst previous accident for the airlines was in 1976, when a Caravelle aircraft exploded at Bombay airport while landing. Ninety-five people were killed in the crash, blamed on leaking fuel pipes.
That is up from $11.7 billion in 1989, but it includes social security payments and airport funds.
Lewis Grotke, NSF assistant general counsel, said the agency would consider the petition but is under no legal obligation to act. The agency, he said, has tried to develop a fair system to review grant applications.
Fifty-two Americans were held hostage there for 444 days.
Federated's Mr. Hansen worries that the costs of heavy promotions will be passed along to consumers.
"Technical weakness has been persistent over the spring and summer in the volume and advance-decline statistics," Ms. Callies said.
But David Batchelder, a Mesa spokesman, said that an equity offering last year and the liquidation of Mesa Petroleum Co. this year allowed the partnership to pay off debt, saving substantial interest costs.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of four basis points above the Treasury's when-issued two-year note.
The current 'high concept' is Bank of England independence. Only with an independent Bank, enthusiasts argue, can monetary policy be freed from the interfering and inflationary hands of politicians.
My father gave me a cello and said 'Play.'
Perhaps one will hit pay dirt. But as of now, I must say, I'm not optimistic, because the man keeps reiterating terms that are simply _ fly in the face of the United Nations action.
It stockpiles or resells the staple at subsidized prices that are several times higher than world market prices. Limited amounts of rice are imported for production of other foods and alcoholic beverages.
In addition to the ban on payments to the Panamanian government, the administration also has effectively frozen all Panamanian assets in the United States.
Citizens Savings Bank, based in Ithaca, New York, began trading under the symbol CISA.
The overriding cause is the shortage of labor.
For once, U.S. bankers needn't fret.
Country-western's Michael Martin Murphy wrote a song in his honor.
The city has been without electricity and transport since the fighting began.
"They want to be in touch with Jewish organizations in Israel," Tekoah said.
Some companies know they shouldn't retire stock, the money manager adds.
Indeed, the 1985 farm act was designed, in theory at least, to gradually put the farm economy back on a market basis.
"Who'd buy another perfect, well-adjusted, upper middle-class black family?
"It may have raised some questions out in the country, but people liked it up here," says an aide to Oklahoma Rep. McCurdy.
Ford spokesman Rex Greenslade in Detroit said Tuesday that his company had no comment on anything to do with Jaguar.
More than 100 world leaders passed along greetings of peace Monday in the 16th annual World Hello Day organized by two Nebraska brothers.
A spokeswoman for DeBartolo Corp. said Wednesday that the company wouldn't comment on the transactions until Campeau and DeBartolo could issue a joint announcement, probably today.
Controls would be imposed on exports of those items to countries where the U.S. and other suppliers suspect missile projects are in progress.
Bargain hunters helped engineering and aerospace company TI resist the poor market trend.
Its main concern is Thurmond Stottle, a one-time high school football hero in the tiny town of Stanley, Texas.
Roberts shares closed yesterday at $34.50, down 25 cents, in national over-the-counter trading.
Once in Baghdad the Iraqis split up families and couples at a city hotel: "It was tragic watching the husbands standing there on the steps with the children crying and the wives getting ready to leave," she said.
Tanning had already been signed by the dealer Julien Levy, patron of the Surrealist exiles in New York, who recommended that Ernst see her.
Sharon made the pledge as he established a new settlement, Kanaf, in the region, which the Israelis annexed in 1981.
Yet this is the essence of the proposal unveiled by Mexico on Dec. 29 to its U.S. creditor banks, and it is hailed by some in the financial community as "innovative" and "constructive."
Sales for the quarter ended April 30 were $181.3 million, up 25% from $144.8 million in the like year-earlier period.
When he suggested last month that he, George Harrison and Ringo Starr may come together for a reunion, Harrison responded there wouldn't be one "as long as John Lennon remains dead." McCartney said Thursday he understood.
Nor should spectators expect things to be easy.
In recent years, they used it as a guinea pig to test various things.
Variety writers and editors also coined the slang words "pushover," "payoff," "freeloader," "chick," "disk jockey" and "whodunit."
Oil prices fell Tuesday, weakened by trader expectations of more crude and gasoline supplies reaching the market.
That's not going to be easy; management in many cases hasn't got the foggiest idea.' A further aspect of the differences between Chinese and western operations is the way they evaluate their corporations financially.
The mother, daughter and karate teacher had the book published themselves.
The home, originally called the Home for Needy Confederate Women, was established by the 1898 General Assembly to provide care for needy female relatives of Confederate soldiers.
Dravo said it expects to complete the transaction later in the quarter.
Hundreds of local individual speculators had been betting that stock prices would continue to rally.
Squibb, of Princeton, N.J., said net income rose 20 percent on a 21 percent increase in sales.
The premise is that eventually they will become disgusted and quit.
The ruling was written by Anthony Kennedy, who has since become a U.S. Supreme Court justice.
No damage was immediately reported.
Marsh & McLennan gained 1 1/8 to 73 3/8 after boosting its quarterly dividend by 4% to 65 cents a share.
Units One and Two at Twin Oak were originally slated for completion in 1988 and 1990, respectively.
And a few lawmakers say they oppose the bills despite personal experience with the needs of those with disabilities.
However, Mr. Bush last week seemed to suggest that the provision lacked teeth.
Less-invasive, or endoscopic, surgery involves using tiny instruments and optical devices that eliminate the need for major incisions.
He had the packed sanctuary of his longtime pastorate, the historic Marble Collegiate Church, rolling with intermittant gales of laughter, applause and concentrated listening.
The guerrilla communiques said that a "fight to the death" had begun with the guerrilla movement and that the May 9 Popular Liberation Forces had emerged from the division in the movement.
Bank of New England provides a referral service where workers can find help.
His investment grew sevenfold to $35,000 in about three years.
That sends First Chicago back to the investment banking drawing board, but with less urgency than before the stock market plunge of two weeks ago.
And despite Mr. Bovard's criticism, we do include an allowance for "profit" in our cost analysis.
The company posted net interest income of $3.9 million for the quarter, up 6%, and $12 million for the nine months, up 14%.
With less stock to go around, a given amount of demand naturally tended to push stock prices higher.
The scheme, under which employees contribute 6 per cent of their salaries, pays benefits based on a percentage of final salary and guarantees annual increases in line with inflation.
Visual Graphics Class A jumped 2 to 11, and Class B surged 2 to 11 1/8.
First Boston Corp., for example, put up nearly $1 billion to help Campeau Corp. complete its purchase of Allied Stores Corp.
The question is still what constitutes neutrality. The Fed's concern is with the real federal funds rate after allowing for inflation.
Eventually the Federal Reserve and other central banks will decide the dollar's rise has gone far enough and take steps to knock it back down.
They often said the guerrillas were operating across the border and underground, and couldn't be kept track of.
The seven sheikdoms that stretch from Qatar to Oman along the Persian Gulf previously had been ruled together under an agreement with the B`itish.
Business investment spending rose 1.6%.
The December contract settled at 94.70 cents a pound, down 0.80.
The deal provides for a daily crude oil supply of 135,000 barrels.
Anyone who watches tonight's programme after seeing the recent pair in BBC2's Assignment on malaria and Aids in the far east will surely conclude that we need another Jonathan Swift to illustrate this problem.
May acquired Loehmann's as part of its 1986 merger with Associated Dry Goods Corp.
That gain probably translated into about 5% to 7% in dollar terms, well below recent quarters' gains of above 20%, reckons Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds.
School police officers sit in daily on the briefings of Compton's regular police to learn about gang-related incidents outside the schools.
Lewis acknowledged that many of the lumps and bumps in his life may have been of his own doing, but he stopped short of offering any apology.
Strong thunderstorms passing through central Indiana caused street flooding in Crawfordsville.
More important, "the big risk is what happens after the guarantee period," if the holder decides to continue the coverage, says Glenn S. Daily, a New York insurance consultant.
He said Abrams was unable to make any such commitment and that a final decision on withdrawing the indictments would have to be left either to the Justice Department or President Reagan.
The job losses will be achieved by a mix of early retirement, non-renewal of contracts and redundancies.
Dole, who unsuccessfully challenged Bush for his party's presidential nomination last year, has supported tax increases for specified purposes before.
Interest rates, both short- and long-term, should rise a full percentage point by mid-1989 and then start to decline.
Fisons "couldn't grow fast enough by small acquisitions."
Nine bodies have been recovered.
The Russian parliament will elect the president from among its members.
In the 12 months ended in June, 60,000 new hotel jobs had been created, Hekman said.
A former engineer's $3 billion lawsuit against rocket-maker Morton Thiokol, stemming from his warnings against launching the ill-fated Challenger space shuttle, has been dismissed.
"The appliance world is changing and it's important that we look outside the U.S. for growth."
Mrs. Davi says she was perturbed this year that no one paid her any money to vote.
"It'll take me an hour to pull them out of there and an hour to tow them.
Burmese rebels based in Thailand appealed to the international community for arms and medical assistance in their battle against the Burmese army.
Last month, more than 200 members of European parliaments wrote a joint letter to members of Congress, opposing aid to the contras fighting what the Europeans called, "the democratically elected government of Nicaragua."
And with some of the campaigns in severe financial difficulty and on the brink of elimination, the candidates are wooing superdelegates who have made commitments to their rivals.
In an interview with Cable Network News, Arafat blamed Iran for the hijacking.
This is a lesson Saddam has absorbed only partially, if it all.
Though his duties at the company have been assumed by Mr. Busch, Mr. Long's departure, along with those of the other executives, comes at a bad time for Anheuser-Busch, which has been trying to develop a diversification strategy.
The difficulties do not end there.
It's sweeping the world.
Gross domestic product is the total market value of the country's output of goods and services.
He talks too about being married for 42 years, and his five children, all of whom, he says, "came home every night" while they were growing up.
The Postal Service hopes remote encoding will help the service fully automate mail processing by 1995.
Banca Commerciale, Italy's second-largest bank, is offering $80 a share for 51 percent of Irving, or about $760 million.
He snatches three or four hours of sleep in his hotel room and conducts an interview while eating a sandwich.
He is supposed to pay $476, and the rest will be waived.
However, the current Ukrainian parliament, dominated by former communists, has been opposed both to economic reform and to relinquishing the country's nuclear arsenal - a condition of much western economic support.
Under Sanborn, Conrail had been expected to try to expand into such areas as hauling waste and already is carrying compacted refuse from northern New Jersey and the New York City area to eastern Ohio.
Ford Motor Co.'s total output dipped 4% to 287,537 vehicles.
The president is not a king," he said.
It is designed to test the effects of zero gravity on bone healing in space.
By the time all had moved (in the first half of 1991) the price differentials had been somewhat eased by the savage fall in housing values in the south-east. Other problems arise where the company is moving from a low cost to a high-cost housing area.
The Federal Reserve's policy committee meets today and tomorrow in Washington to review its strategy.
The main resource is the talent and industry of the Palestinians.
Typically, patients buy TENS units for as much as $600, or rent them for $60 to $90 a month, and use them at home.
They have homes in Stanford, Calif., and Cummington, Mass., and have five children and five grandchildren.
It has run into opposition from Mr Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, who wants to preserve separate powers for the Fed. The US debate is unfolding as the future of banking supervision is being called into question.
At least 8,000 Estonians attended an outdoor rally and filled the Tallinn town hall for a panel discussion about Josef Stalin's repression of the Baltic states.
Most AIDS sufferers are poor, have no insurance and can't even afford to go to doctors, much less pay for medicine.
But it does so by turning the president's budget choices upside down.
Charges against Nussbaum, who made the cover of Newsweek as the case got national attention, were dropped after prosecutors concluded that she had been so severely beaten by Steinberg that she was unable to aid the child.
Says Arno Penzias, the Nobellaureate vice president for research at AT&T's Bell Laboratories: "When you have a parent in a nursing home, you can't see her every day.
The market for corporate control does help maximize share price.
Siraj then retracted his remark.
Connaghan's case hit close to home for Scranton, 46, a music teacher whose Denver home was damaged by a fire set by burglars.
The bank also has agreed that $330 million of that amount will be available as a bridge loan, the statement said.
There's an awful lot of ifs to this thing."
Other analysts say the company's aggressive reputation makes many foreign fund managers nervous.
Contract talks have been stalled for more than a year.
Highlighting the problems was a Labor Day rampage in which one person was killed and eight wounded.
In the days before the takeover of the New York company, Metropolitan was said to be considering taking over the company.
Dosoo said Chinese hit him with umbrellas and he kicked one in self-defense.
One former staff member for the congressional Iran-Contra investigating committees said the committee staff decided not to pursue the Pena matter because it appeared to be an isolated incident, rather than an integral part of the North network.
IBM's competitors have sold millions of AT-compatible machines since then, and IBM itself re-entered that part of the market on Tuesday by announcing a similar machine.
But some other committee Democrats aren't willing to go that low.
The particles can come from such sources as forest fires and volcanic eruptions.
A long-awaited formal pact with Baghdad, giving Kurds autonomy, still hasn't been signed.
The economic benefits for the area near Waxahachie will include not only the lucrative construction funds but also an expected research budget of about $270 million annually and 3,500 permanent jobs.
The request must list the kinds of tax and the tax periods for which the holder wants information.
And this new effort will focus on the job of helping recover oil now in the water and restoring beaches and other damaged areas. This effort should not in any way relieve Exxon from any of its responsibilities or its liabilities.
In the latest second quarter, the company said Sprint had a pretax loss of $112 million.
He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian award in 1986, the Legion of Honor from France and Italy's Order of Merit.
An abortion performed after the fetus is viable is unlawful except in cases in which a woman's life is threatened.
While it objects to this, the federal government has no mechanism of its own for regulating securities dealings.
The failure to include Japan this time didn't attract many complaints from Congress, so maybe this punitive law is losing some of its support.
With the start of the fall television season today, Capital Cities/ABC agreed Friday to a new three-year contract with Nielsen despite earlier concerns that people meters might not be as accurate as proposed.
"It's a horse race every year," said Forbes spokesman Ray Healey, describing his magazine's rush to beat its rival. "Information of this kind is old in a matter of minutes.
Last year, for example, Pete had ripe tomatoes two weeks earlier than I did, and more plentiful.
The church has been banned since 1946.
Murrow's high, furrowed brow and ever-present cigarette _ he smoked three or four packs a day _ were trademarks of his weekly prime time news show "See It Now," which began in 1951.
No specific reasons are given, nor do the letters claim that the disputed items are incorrect.
What he said was that the U.S. government had been allied with Hitler right up to the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Yet Walt's status remains ambiguous.
The U.S. dollar fell in early European trading today, losing more than 1 cent against the British pound.
"The application so far as the city of Yonkers is concerned has been denied," she added.
Forecasters expect total turnover to double to Dollars 20bn by the end of the decade. The centres offer advantages to both manufacturers and consumers.
The planned $1.9 billion military budget for 1989 represents 3.6 percent of the total national income, compared to 3.8 percent of national income spent on defense in 1988, Siwicki was quoted as saying.
His share of her estate was estimated at $25 million.
Newark tied a 1944 record of 98 Sunday, the 40th day of 90-degree temperatures this summer.
In terms of the magnitude of problem, I do feel that we have an obligation to be sure the congressmen understand it.
It claims it offers superior visual images to the Sony format.
Those passions are further stirred by the likelihood that the next president could determine the fate of abortion rights by reshaping the Supreme Court.
Since then, nearly a dozen banks and thrifts have pored over the unit's records and considered bids but many were believed to have dropped out of the running earlier this month because of Gibraltar's deteriorating condition.
The move surprised analysts and money managers familiar with the bank.
"Noriega is not plea bargaining with Reagan and Bush.
More than 60,000 Moslems live in the northern England community, where demonstrators have burned copies of Rushdie's book.
First Boston is a unit of CS First Boston Inc., which is 44.5%-owned by the parent of Credit Suisse.
Taiwan clone makers say IBM as much as invited them along for the ride.
The governor's record in the South's most stubbornly one-party state is an ideological mask.
The traditionalist movement of Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre on Monday challenged the Vatican's warning that Lefebvre will be automatically excommunicated if he consecrates four bishops without papal approval.
Asbach is the largest spirits brand in the German market.
Kuehler's duties at IBM's Armonk, N.Y., headquarters will be about the same as they were in his former job of vice chairman, although he will have slightly more authority, Judice said.
For the first encore, the orchestra teased and pampered the final ballet of Schubert's music for Rosamunde as if it were their favourite child.
The Marines are sending in 45,000 of their finest and deploying A6-E Intruder bombers used in the U.S. bombing of Libya in 1986.
Their recommendations are due in early December.
TOPSOIL MOISTURE: 35 percent very short, 45 percent short, 20 percent adequate.
Eisner asked. "In a word, panic." In an interview published in Friday's Contra Costa Times, Eisner, 48, said he rarely rests easy.
But in their second lawsuit, lawyers for Col. North said this alternative plan is illegal because it violates the independent-counsel law, which requires that such investigations be conducted outside the Justice Department.
A lovely pastoral scene later on populated by figures of Shiva, an elephant, and an Indian woman playing with an electric yo-yo, is broken up by fascist bikers.
Halons are used in firefighting equipment. Officials will be recommending a timetable for the phase-out of CFC substitutes, such as hydrochlorofluorocarbons, if possible in time for the November ministerial meeting.
"They are more psychologically capable" than older eastern Europeans in seeking out Mensa, Vincent said.
Both leaders voiced strong support for the U.S.-led effort to isolate Saddam Hussein.
If you are lucky, and you or your driver are savvy enough, the 'Aids test' can be circumvented by a small 'gift' at the border.
The protesters say they have a constitutional right to bail when charged with a misdemeanor.
Akbulut, a lawyer, was elected to Parliament in 1983 and became speaker in 1987.
Replacing them are today's multiple-dealership, well-heeled businessmen with one eye on the auto industry and the other on real estate.
The racing boat's crisp white sails caught the breeze, and it shot through the water, leaving behind the scores of small boats bobbing in the bay.
Noriega exercised power with ruthless assurance.
A private study said consumer confidence rebounded in April, suggesting spending will be strong in coming months.
In 1969, peace demonstrators staged activities across the country, including a candlelight march around the White House, as part of a moratorium against the Vietnam War.
How can we, with our bare hands?" one cadet replied.
There won't be any extraordinary items in the quarter, he added.
During the first half of the 1980s, money tended to slosh around primarily in the already-developed world.
Lotus began selling Notes licences for batches of 200 users upwards.
Sinn Fein, the outlawed Irish Republican Army's legal wing, accused Protestant extremists of carrying out a random sectarian attack.
The animation deals with his treatment and things that would be hard to take in real life.
But nor have there been significant profits."
Angola has abundant reserves of oil, iron ore and diamonds _ many of them untapped _ and a rich soil that could turn it into a breadbasket of Africa.
The Dash 10 is an older model with a wing design considered more susceptiable to loss of lift from ice buildup.
Any criminal proceedings now under way against those who recently refused military service will be dropped if they agree to perform civilian or unarmed military service, he added.
He was given a seven-year sentence.
MANY of the continent's bourses took a breather yesterday from the bull run, writes Our Markets Staff. FRANKFURT took a pause from its record breaking ways with most analysts commenting that the current rally still has a long way to go.
The deal was priced at a yield spread of 85 basis points above the average rate on the Treasury four-year and five-year notes.
The firm has sought to remain independent by divesting underperforming businesses and closing plants, cutting costs and laying off hundreds of workers.
Keillor left the show in June 1987.
Record stock market volume last year produced surging income for stockbrokers, with the average income for retail brokers reaching a record.
It said that the government has been helping the tribe build new villages.
Earlier in his career, he was Capitol Hill and White House reporter for Scripps-Howard News Service and a foreign correspondent for the New York Herald Tribune.
The journalist who spoke with the Iraqi leader in Baghdad on Saturday said Saddam told him "Tel Aviv would receive the first blow in the case of a gulf war," whether or not Israel joined any multinational strike against Iraq.
Svend Jakobsen, the neutral mediator charged with sounding out eight parties on a national program, said he could not bring enough parties together to form a stable government and was giving up his task.
"I hope the Wyoming bear will be good company for your plaid bear," Sullivan wrote.
North testified at his trial that he watched Poindexter tear up the finding _ which relates to four of the five criminal charges against the ex-national security adviser.
In his toughest remarks yet on the issue, the East German leader said he would not back down from his demand that most East German marks be converted equally to West German marks as the nations are unified.
"It was an age of innocence.
But it doesn't bother me because I know I'm doing what's right," Bush told his interviewers.
A Navy admiral has rejected the appeals of four rescue instructors charged in the death of an airman who was dragged into a swimming pool while classmates sang to drown out his screams for help.
The food cutoff could impose even greater suffering on Iraq.
She'd been a star since her show-stopping number, "My Heart Belongs to Daddy" in "Leave It to Me" in 1938.
The Enaf-Vinto metallurgical smelter complex just east of Oruro, is close to Bolivia's principal tin mines, Huanuni and Colquiri, owned by the state mining company Comibol.
Mr. Zatz, who couldn't be reached for comment, was one of three traders in Swiss francs who were tried last summer on fraud charges.
Of the total, $119.7 million has been contributed by political action committees, which are formed by corporations, labor unions, issue-oriented groups and other organizations to donate money to candidates.
Yang Shangkun, 81, became China's president, or head of state, in April last year.
The company said it and some of its employees bought a large block of Jefferies shares from Primerica Inc.
It has been pumping huge sums into CDI development, particularly in software. Mr Gaston Bastiaens, director of interactive media systems, said the group expected the price of CDI to fall substantially over the next few years.
CBS reported a 73% drop in first-quarter profit and said it will reduce its work force this year by 6%, or about 400 jobs.
Cutting base rates will do nothing to divert the current bullish sentiment from sterling."
Some republics, the Baltic states for example, may choose not to join.
"We have a duty to respond to the violated in our midst," she said.
For instance, a spate of new paper machines ordered in 1987 or 1988 are just coming into production, creating surplus capacity for many types of paper.
Most popular were top-ranked Power Alley Electronic Bowling by Marchon, an electronic extravaganza designed to turn a playroom into a bowling alley, and the Sound Machine Water Cannon fire engine by Nylint.
In fact, of the 11 countries tracked by Morgan, seven have bonds that yield above 10%.
Moving Marcus around didn't help, either.
Following strong demand, the amount was quickly increased to Pounds 200m from the original Pounds 150m. NatWest Capital Markets and Salomon Brothers International jointly arranged the issue.
For such people, dieting can be a grueling, dispiriting process that can take up to two years.
Authorities said an autopsy on the ninth victim, found Monday along Interstate 195 in Marion, yielded a preliminary identification.
Higher taxation of petrol could be a complement.
RJR Nabisco Inc. stock has surged after its directors prolonged a record auction for the food-and-tobacco giant, signaling their belief that even the fattest offer valued at $26.58 billion is too cheap.
The rights will be paid Feb. 2 as a dividend.
The SEC has been successful at convincing courts to freeze the assets of alleged wrongdoers before they can complete the sales of securities and take the funds out.
Mr. Elbaum notes how Bertelsmann lost money when it tried to run the Literary Guild and other U.S. book clubs the way it runs its German book clubs.
On Tuesday, he drew a crowd of thousands to a cove near Candlestick Park where he lay beached beside rocks bearing a no-trespassing sign.
However, this ran into resistance from CEA-Industrie's management. This compromise is the result of arbitration by Mr Jean-Claude Trichet, the powerful director of the French Treasury, who was called in to resolve the deadlock.
No shooting ever took place and both orders were eventually rescinded.
He later became a sports feature writer and columnist at the Philadelphia Daily News, was a sports columnist at the New York Daily News and worked briefly on the staff of The Philadelphia Inquirer.
If necessary, he said, the cargo will be moved to another ship from the Green Bay, which has made several successful trips for Honda since it was completed Oct. 29 by Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Ltd.
The shares were further affected by recurrent speculation that the bank might bid for TSB. US house Lehman Brothers also voiced caution, arguing that: 'The shares looked stretched without a new source of operating gains.'
They later moved to Screven in southeast Georgia where they sang at nightclubs, fairs and special events.
The company noted that plastics led the increase in operating profits in the materials division.
Underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody & Co. priced the 10 1/2% notes at par.
However, an increase in the number of moderate deputies will free the government of some of its inhibitions - both about being more friendly to the western world and about pursuing its economic liberalisation policies.
The measure also would require President Bush to report to Congress by May 1990 on withdrawing all U.S. forces from South Korea.
"A disproportionate number of customer complaints about broker-dealers in our state derive from the penny stock market," said John B. Hiatt, director of the New Mexico Securities Division.
I don't think people should forget that." Most consumers will probably focus on their pocketbooks tomorrow when the much-awaited consumer price index discloses the initial hit from higher energy prices.
Let me attend now to the disappointments.
Dividend yields on the stocks that make up the major market averages got as low as 2.5 percent at the peak of the bull market last year.
Navy officials insist that 15 carriers are the minimum needed to meet U.S. commitments around the world.
Whittle Communications posted revenue of about $152 million this year and projected operating income for 1989 at about $35 million on revenue of $185 million.
Manuel Antonio Noriega as head of the 15,000-strong Defense Forces.
He said three more fitness centers are planned for Georgia and Virginia in the next 12 to 18 months.
(Wilson vs. Seiter) Washington Airports Ruling By a 6-3 vote, the high court struck down a 1986 federal law that created a congressional board to oversee the operations of the Washington area's airports, National and Dulles.
Future developments might produce a binding substance that clings to abnormal genetic material associated with an overactive BCL2 rather than the messenger, he said.
And so this is where I have a big difference.
Per-share earnings fell to $1.21 in the latest quarter as the average number of shares outstanding rose to 52.2 million from 38.5 million, the company said.
Nowadays, Morgenau sees the proliferation of spas as part of a burgeoning "stress industry." "The whole business is blown up way out of proportion.
Almost 70,000 claims have been filed with the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the San Francisco Bay area for temporary housing help, home and business loans, grants and other aid.
Separately, Britoil's hopes for foiling BP's hostile bid seemed to fade yesterday.
The group immediately turned over the potentially explosive information to the office of Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, the liberal Ohio Democrat who was most likely to oppose the nominee in the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Given stable commodity prices, he suggests, it may be a good idea to tighten credit so that "monetary policy grows at the midpoint" of the target ranges.
UTA said contact was lost with Flight 772 less than an hour after it took off from N'Djamena, Chad, on Tuesday afternoon after a stopover on a flight that originated in Brazzaville, capital of the Congo.
"This also means that each of our peoples can decide to remain in the Yugoslav community or leave it," said Jovic, the head of Yugoslavia's eight-member state presidency.
Where we expect some fairly rude braying and chugging, the Stravinsky was svelteness and light.
'Stocks are overfished at the moment and the scientists are recommending reductions in all stocks in the western approaches.
We should use all chances still to renew the party so that it will have a democratic basis.
Huebl, a key ideologist of the communist-led reforms of Alexander Dubcek that were crushed by a Soviet-led invasion, served as director of the Communist Party Academy during that brief period.
'We can service and reduce the debt out of the cashflow of the combined companies.
Laura's new celebrity status hasn't gone to her head, said her mother, Candyce, of Naperville, west of Chicago.
Far from feeling embarrassed about his outburst, the managing director of British Transport Advertising wrote to the FT last week and told us all about it.
He said the rate has dropped because people are confused by the proliferation of such books _ many of them vanity press publications that charge for a listing.
Formerly at the bottom, Campbell is now near the top.
"I don't say anything important until we have an interpreter," he said in broken German.
Sometimes it's hard to tell who's really on trial in the federal racketeering case against Rep. Mario Biaggi, D-N.Y., and six other men.
The effect is rather like cleaning your ears out with wire wool. But the excitement was shortlived.
The loss of three sailors who died aboard the submarine USS Bonefish was a loss for everyone in the Navy family, a chaplain said during a weekend memorial service.
They have become propaganda pamphlets for central office. There is plenty for them to crow about.
Medicare would pay 60 percent of drug costs the following year and 80 percent in subsequent years _ but still only on that portion that exceeds $600 a year.
Vittorio Cassoni, who had been head of Olivetti's North American operations before joining AT&T in 1986, will be nominated as managing director of the Italian company, AT&T said in a statement.
T. Marshall Hahn Jr., chairman and chief executive officer, said the company's overall business was sound, reflecting healthy demand for pulp and paper products, but he said earnings were affected by weak plywood and lumber prices.
The biggest increase was in the Midwest, where sales increased 26% to a rate of 129,000 after falling 23% in March.
The slimness of that chance may be measured by the performance of the Democrats in the recent US elections.
There are now 1,058 such schemes covering 470,000 workers. The Discretionary Share Option Schemes under the 1984 Finance Act is confined to an elite of managers and directors.
Fusion, combining two atoms, is the power of nuclear warheads. Fission, splitting an atom, is the power of old atomic weapons and of today's nuclear power plants.
A 15-year-old Israeli girl and two Palestinians were killed.
As with any summer camp, there are field trips: to the Broward County Courthouse, jail and crime lab.
"Today's reversal of field will require adjustment of a fairly large number of significant First Amendment holdings," Justice Scalia said in a dissent that he actually read from the bench because he felt so strongly about the issue.
Rejecting offers on June 20, the RTC supplied additional marketing information to four bidders and asked them to submit "best and final" offers.
The volatility was evident last week after the price rally began in the U.S. on Tuesday, spilled over into world oil markets on Thursday and then stalled on Friday.
Dobson couldn't say how many towns were listed in the atlas, but he said he doesn't often drop a town.
And, most interesting of all to prospective investors, the government is committed to making compulsory competitive tendering a way of life.
Also today, the army said a Palestinian died of wounds sustained in an overnight clash with Israeli troops that left four other Palestinians wounded.
The company introduced two new air-conditioner compressors last spring, just in time to benefit from last summer's abnormally hot weather.
Dye says no one has been killed or injured from the 30,960 probes he had sold at prices ranging up to $29.95 since starting the business six years ago, and only one person had been known to receive a shock.
Murdoch has said he would be glad to provide it" once the agreements are signed, the spokesman said.
Roughly 500 institutions are currently considered insolvent.
Agency officials expressed concern about possible pollution that the leak of the poisonous fumes and chemicals might cause.
Another mummy had a fractured right forearm, "perhaps from warding off a blow," Dr. Marx speculates.
Weld also criticized Congress for excluding itself from coverage of conflict-of-interest laws, which former White House political director Lyn Nofziger was convicted last month of violating on behalf of scandal-plagued Wedtech Corp. and two other clients.
The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to say whether states can put off-limits otherwise public information by invoking privacy concerns _ and a Newport divorce lawyer contends Rhode Island's privacy law is such a shield.
Officials are frantically searching for a way to prevent infestation of the Great Lakes by the pesky mussels, with their zebra-like stripes.
His defection was a major embarrassment for the ruling Kuomintang, which had embraced his most famous song, "Descendants of the Dragon," as a patriotic inspiration, and then felt obliged to ban it for several years.
It will be in the interests of all parties - even the US taxpayers whose interests NIH claims to protect - to agree that mass-produced genes cannot be patented.
Also, the Red Cross said Iraqi officials have agreed to allow Americans held at strategic sites to send messages home to their families.
The lowest standards are in Alabama, where a family of two qualifies only if it earns less than $88 a month, or 13 percent of the federal poverty level of $700 a month for one parent and child.
Such views once landed him in prison for nine years.
GE arrived at the $234,000 figure by multiplying 117 by $2,000, the fine in effect prior to 1986.
Narrated by Meryl Streep and directed by Phil Joanou, the film is a series of informal interviews with seven-year-olds from widely varying social, economic and ethnic backgrounds.
High wind warnings were issued for the eastern half of Montana, the northern mountains and eastern sections of Wyoming, the western Dakotas and the eastern foothills of Colorado.
"We do not oppose the measure," Mr. Glauber said.
Company officals and represenatives from UMW District 17 refused to cross the pickets and enter the Raleigh County Armory, where the sides were scheduled to meet to discuss the firings.
FortuneCity climbed the world's premier league of web sites and has more unique users than eBay and CDNow (PC Data Online June 1999), Registered users doubled from 1,5 million to 3,1 million in the last 90 days alone.
Protesters knocked down parts of the school's wall and hurled the debris at police.
The Democratic presidential nominee invoked Truman's battling underdog memory across the Midwest as he pressed his argument that Bush is an elitist whose proposal to reduce the federal tax on capital gains would benefit primarily the wealthy.
Analysts say GE shares lag 36% below last year's high partly because portfolio managers find it too complex.
He is a pugnacious performer in the Commons. But his weaknesses are as obvious as his strengths.
All three networks do enormous amounts of expensive in-depth reporting.
The ruble has no real exchange rate vs. the dollar, and Cuba has been applying an outdated price system established in 1981.
The state has no provision for mercy killing, he said, adding, "Murder is murder." Beverly Maggart worked as a secretary at the University of Missouri-Kansas City from the mid-1970s until she became physically unable to work last September.
She has her special reasons for this peculiar lapse of knowledge, but she isn't alone.
To that extent our interests are aligned,' he said.
All of these planes will be modified eventually.
President Bush's budget chief is appealing to 21 mostly junior senators for help in finding a way to get deficit-reduction talks started between the White House and congressional leaders.
Coors must find out how seriously Keystone Dry will cannibalize the other Keystone labels, which are on a roll, said Emanuel Goldman, analyst at PaineWebber Inc. "You don't want to mess up a good thing," said Mr. Goldman.
The problem with this action is that the US government provides local companies with a powerful lever just by having the procedure in place.'
With the new setup, individual investors will be asked to put themselves in one of four risk categories: "conservative for income," "conservative for growth," "moderate risk" and "aggressive risk."
The new holding company, Webster/Eagle Bancorp Inc., will have about $1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut.
Informed that he could not, he asked if the rejection letter from the American Society of Rejected Writers would count as a rejection.
But with a choice to make, she voted for George Bush.
The impoverished countryside around Ayacucho was the birthplace eight years of the Mao-inspired Shining Path insurgency.
The Soviet population was larger at mid-year, 296.4 million compared with 246 million for the United States.
Trouble is, most players in the broad "average" range (and a lot of quite excellent players, too) are so far from that ideal that we couldn't be nudged there with a bulldozer.
The fighting Saturday came on the third day of an offensive aimed at driving President Samuel Doe from power before a West African force arrives to try to end the 7-month-old civil war.
A Fairchild unit, Vol-San-Chatsworth, was accused recently of non-compliance with required testing procedures.
But fashioning rules that don't have unintended consequences may be extremely difficult.
Izhar Alam, the Punjab police chief, said he believes arms are being smuggled in from Pakistan.
The Austrian official told The Associated Press that the woman is on vacation and believed to be out of the country.
The Soviet ambassador to Denmark, Boris Pastukhov, has been named the Kremlin's new envoy to Afghanistan, succeeding First Deputy Foreign Minister Yuli Vorontsov, an official confirmed Wednesday.
EC beef exports jumped by 48 per cent to 1.16m tonnes, while Australian shipments, reflecting lower sales to Japan, fell 15 per cent to 1m tonnes.
Thousands of people caught a long-awaited glimpse of two giant pandas that went on display at the Toledo Zoo over the objections of a conservation group that wants the endangered animals returned to China.
Under terms, ASK will make and market natural gas-powered cogeneration power systems designed to produce electricity at less cost than a utility would charge a small business.
"I'm sure she didn't mean to take two with her," said Hillhouse's nephew, Scott Hillhouse.
"We ran down to the beach and she was being washed out with a strong undertow.
For this is a play about the aftermath of war: its survivors, refugees, and criminals.
The rightist government of President Alfredo Cristiani has accused the leftist Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front of "kidnapping" hundreds of young men in recent weeks, allegedly to replace losses suffered in the offensive.
However, the vice president told reporters that he would view such a joint appearance as a plus for his campaign.
Hamilton was chairman of Reuters from 1979 to 1985 during the British-based agency's expansion of its financial news services.
By acquiring $34 billion of foreign currency, the monetary authorities have taken a speculative position that yen, D-marks and other currencies will appreciate in relation to the dollar.
Last Oct. 27, then-President Reagan recommended that the building be razed and rebuilt from the ground up.
The report is to be released publicly today.
Independent prosecutors obviously think they make their own rules, and apparently have convinced most of the press and public.
According to official figures, 31 people were killed.
The province has an estimated population of 3 million.
As a subsidiary of Time Inc., Book-of-the-Month Club does not reveal exact sales figures for its books, videotapes or casettes.
But he said he expects the current advance to continue and to move stocks close to the upper end of the trading range that has prevailed since last October's market crash.
Navy admirals, many of whom expressed misgivings about the ATF in the past, must renegotiate the service's role in the overall program by the end of this year.
Saddam said the missile could hit targets hundreds of miles away.
The success of the X-15 design, development and flight program allowed the Mercury, Gemini and Apollo spaceflight programs to accelerate.
Last week, American Telephone & Telegraph Co. announced the establishment of a system of networks covering all health care for its U.S. work force.
Although forecasting is difficult, he says some nuclear plants will have to be replaced in France, while the debate in Germany about the greenhouse effect could work in the nuclear industry's favour. The two home markets will be important for NPI.
Samuel said the courts have not ruled definitively on the issue.
The question asked the 1,039 Canadians surveyed was: "Just suppose for a minute that Canadians were allowed to vote in a U.S. presidential election.
Casualties included works by Theodore Dreiser, Ernest Hemingway and Elizabeth Barrett Browning.
Officials were unsure how many head of cattle were lost in the fire.
The vendor is Davey Bickford Smith.
Hung joined the revolution at the age of 16. The French arrested him in 1931 and banished him to a decade and a half of hard labor at the notorious prison island of Poulo Condore.
One of MOMA's "Ten Criteria" calls for a member to "assume responsibility for one's own life, though at times choosing to seek the help of others."
Management is a problem for the Republicans, as most Americans, given the Reagan record, may suspect the Grand Old Party doesn't know how to manage things.
The four largest last year raised assets by 4.5 per cent, but net income fell 6 per cent in dollar terms.
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney has projected a 2 percent annual decline through the mid-1990s, and many influential congressional figures have called for much steeper declines.
"These are wild dolphins.
At one point in 1986, economic strength was so geographically warped that the entire mid-section of the country was strained by simultaneous weakness in farming, heavy manufacturing, mining and oil.
In 1974, Ella T. Grasso was elected governor of Connecticut, the first woman to win a governorship without succeeding her husband.
That's one of the things about when people talk about selling off the public lands to pay off the national debt.
An olive will just make your cocktail oily. I emerged from the tasting slightly light-headed and not wholly convinced that I had really got to the bottom of the martini debate.
"If the health's good, I may continue," he said.
He directed that anyone whose activities come under examination must be moved to different jobs that have nothing to do with procurement.
However, it claims to have no set calendar for issuance. The assumption in the market is that stock sales will be spread as evenly as possible throughout the year, but few clues have been given as to which maturities the Bank might favour.
The group is buying assets with roughly $1.35 billion of debt and a market value of $1.8 billion.
Underwood, who has been on unpaid medical leave, said she has been diagnosed as having post-traumatic stress syndrome, a condition associated with Vietnam veterans, rape victims and people who have been tortured.
He is virtually the only industrial saint around." Analysts expect Digital to start a new stock buy-back program soon to bolster the shares.
But the show is nonetheless the summer's hottest ticket, with a record advance sale for a nonmusical of over 1.5 million pounds ($2.35 million), and a top ticket price of 17 pounds 50 ($27.50), steep by London standards.
Oil prices dropped in fairly active trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange after Egypt announced it was lowering its crude export prices for the first half of July.
Applications were due last week to the Federal Communications Commission for new systems to provide telephone service to commercial aircraft.
The car that held the second bomb also was reduced to a twisted black metal skeleton.
The Health and Welfare Ministry said Kiichi Fujiwara in Kanagawa prefecture, near Tokyo, now is Japan's oldest man, 109 years and one month.
District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau said his office began investigating allegations of fraud in August 1989 following a complaint from one of the lenders, Chase Manhattan Bank, a subsidiary of Chase Manhattan Corp.
Scientists said ozone depletion over Antarctica reached record levels in recent months.
All the Atrium's retailers were scheduled to open by February and Karp said he expected to begin turning a profit shortly thereafter.
The 18 males and 12 females, ranging in age from 13 to 43, received their new kidneys as far back as 1975.
He recommends the same strategy with platinum: As prices rise above key technical levels, in this case $382.50, investors shouldn't liquidate but simply raise their stop-loss orders to higher price levels.
It said the United Nations has estimated that in Sudan as many as 5 million people are at risk.
Traders are hoping for a cut in the discount rate at the central bank council meeting Thursday.
"The (anti-narcotics) decrees, which have been announced, could have been brought in three years ago."
The board was unanimous, together with the divisional directors and executives (ie, the top 100 managers of our business) on the necessity for the structures review. The majority of the executive board have spent their working lives in this business.
He began his diplomatic career in 1924 as a clerk at the U.S. consulate in Stuttgart, Germany.
Members of the Sylmar Hang Gliding Association hope they will deter people from dumping stolen cars over the sides of cliffs and shooting guns illegally in the Angeles National Forest, said group spokesman Rome Dodson.
Fixed-rate 30-year mortgages rose to an average 10.91% last week, the highest level since early 1986.
But even among such cool heads there is bewilderment at constant claims that the group will be out of the red by the end of this year. According to analysts' calculations, a loss of around DM700m (Pounds 270m) is unavoidable.
The other two dropped out; the university won't say why.
"It's a great feeling of relief.
He is still quite capable of living down to his poor image.
Fort Worth, also in the shadow of Dallas, has survived the oil bust better than Dallas, the magazine said.
The price is Dollars 1.9m, and the agent Jenny Pruitt.
"Senatorial Privilege" has sold more than 70,000 copies despite this major-media neglect, or perhaps because of it.
Many voting machines have room for only eight candidates on a line, and as of Sunday, five Republicans and seven Democrats were seeking their parties' presidential nomination.
It also expressed appreciation to the board for taking time to gather more information.
One tunnel, the service tunnel, is more than half-finished, but much work remains on the other two, which will carry trains in opposite directions.
The Cannon unit holds unlimited world-wide rights to some pictures but it has more limited rights to other movies.
The professional standard-setting organization also released new government figures indicating that the U.S. rate, the highest in the developed world, may finally be leveling off after rising steeply since the mid-1970s.
Passengers were taken to the international air terminal, where Lampl said they were going through customs and immigration and then would be placed on other flights to Miami.
The way down was easier on the lungs than the way up, but harder on the legs, and the rocks underfoot felt sharper.
The elder DeBartolo is founder of the Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. headquartered in Youngstown, Ohio.
But Wednesday was different.
The evening began with Cunningham's 1968 "RainForest."
Virginia Sims, a leader of the Wichita black community and former publisher of a weekly newspaper, died Wednesday.
Responding to calls for Wilson's resignation, he shouted across the floor to opponents, "You should be worried about the guy who stole the property." Liberal leader John Turner sharply criticized Wilson for not resigning.
Because their lives depended on the dogs, the men knew them all intimately, their strengths and foibles.
Galac neither admitted nor denied the rules violation.
That scenario gained credence Wednesday when U.S. military officials conceded that some vital American ground forces might not be ready by the Jan. 15 deadline.
Though no single carrier will control the new company, Delta will own the largest chunk at 40 percent, the airlines said Thursday.
"At one point, we took products that were already on the market in other countries," says Mr. Lyons.
Some meager hope is building for home construction.
Ryzhkov's economic plan proposes a five-year transition to what it calls a market economy still partially regulated by the government.
Manuel Antonio Noriega took refuge in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City last December after U.S. troops invaded the country in an effort to bring him to the United States to face drug charges.
After getting promising test-market results in Wisconsin last year, Bitesize has begun a national roll-out of Tribbles.
"It was a very profitable business," he says.
Net sales fell to $1.22 billion from $1.40 billion last year.
Foreign banks have typically provided grants or personnel resources to meet that obligation.
Less trading means lower commissions and less revenue for brokerage firms.
An amazing amount of people thought this was a crummy idea or that I and the others supporting it were silly.
The man returned to Rhode Island, pulling the 6-year-old off the sidewalk two blocks from his home, police said.
The UK company DIP, whose handheld miniature computer is the basis of the Atari Portfolio, showed that, as did Psion with its notebook-style Mobile Computer. Both companies may have been somewhat ahead of the market.
Neither they nor Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, the third member of Congress on the board, participated in the selection of Zinser as the new president.
No one was hurt or killed in the blasts, but state authorities later imposed a curfew and banned all public assembly, including Friday prayer services, forcing tens of thousands of Moslem sabbath worshipers to stay indoors.
Last year, Mobil brought in another substantial well in the High Island field, one that tested at a rate equivalent to 9,300 barrels of oil a day.
It is the most radical, daring economic reform program ever attempted in Eastern Europe.
This is the date the swallows traditionally return to the San Juan Capistrano Mission in California.
"When you have a guy that you know is a great front-runner, it sets your course," said Faldo, who won on the second hole of a playoff with Scott Hoch last year.
The man who runs Boston's Logan Airport faced the same problem plaguing major airports worldwide: how to cut the delays that were making flying an ever more unpleasant experience.
Nigel Planer splutters energetically but to little effect.
As in Grenada, the insurgents have shown a willingness to use extremist methods to advance their cause.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas O'Rourke said in his opening statement Tuesday that he would show that Brenneke lied when he testified about the alleged meeting and when he said he and another man were contract employees of the CIA.
The eyewitnesses said they were too far away to tell whether Christen appeared to be in good health.
"We very much want to make the highest bid you will receive to acquire Lucky Stores," American Stores Chairman L.S. Skaggs said in the letter.
The Disney Co. is organizing and paying for the entire event, including hotel rooms and food.
Aside from his retardation, Kohl is blind and an active carrier of the hepatitis B virus.
That's when it's time to bring on the victims.
But Kremin said more than a dozen witnesses will swear that nothing was thrown at the rescue workers.
Goertz told immigration inspectors he had been forced to join the SS at the end of 1943 and remained a member until the end of World War II in May 1945, officials said.
The biggest losers in the American were Cleveland (a runaway last), Chicago and California (LA/Orange County).
The station has now been converted into a 'gold' rock and pop music format. The paper offer for the A shares is 345 for 200; for the ordinary shares, it is 206 for 100.
"It's going well," he said. "I feel like (blacks) will start coming to the pool." Jamie Willis, 17, who is white, said they probably wouldn't.
Simon called it 'hard, heavy, laboured'.
The 225-issue Nikkei Stock Average gained 257.69 points, or 0.67 percent, ending at 38,681.31.
'It is our intention to pursue a strategy that will bring recovery, with it growth, with it jobs and with it prosperity,' he said in the house yesterday.
Omus Hirschbein, who is director of performing arts at the Y, is convinced the plan will be a winner.
The high-flying Pirates have been baseball's biggest surprise this year, leading the National League Eastern division. What's more, management believes the scrappy club can sell 2 million tickets, enough to eke out a profit.
"Andrew Dice Clay did not do this in rehearsal and we were very surprised by it.
European tractor sales are projected to fall to 106,000 units in 1994, down from 181,000 in 1990. Industry-wide sales of construction equipment are flat to lower.
Call charges would also be cheaper than using the public network.
He was even scarier than Godzilla because he didn't look like a monster, but just like someone who spent too much time at the gym.
In Chamonix, France, ice sculptors Christian Claudel and Francis Cuny carved a giant thermometer on the Mer de Glace glacier to protest global warming resulting from air pollution.
For several months, there was optimism all around.
The revised figures showed that nonfarm productivity increased by 2.1 percent in 1988, compared to a previous estimate of 1.5 percent.
I talked to one company the other day that had just finished looking at it for a third time."
OPEC in recent weeks has been making some involuntary reductions in output.
The group forecast that the dollar's value will fall another 5% to 10% by the end of 1988.
"A policeman found a diamond ring out in the parking lot," she said.
"He's an extraordinary trial lawyer," says Federal Judge Frank Altimari, who first met Mr. Parcher during the lawyer's stint as a public defender.
The Mallicks paid off their loans in December 1980 by selling Mallightco a 1979 Cadillac Seville valued at $10,575 and credited against the loans.
Ahmed Moharam, a 38-year-old Exxon Corp. administrator, remembers being sent from his mountain village when he was 11 because the only real schools were in Sanaa, the capital.
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board had sought to block Parks under regulations prohibiting a group from gaining control of a savings and loan association without federal permission.
The radio also announced that all political prisoners had been released.
Mexico Equities closed sharply weaker as prices trailed Wall Street.
While playing, he wears a special glove, stitched at home by a trainer, that allows extra room for soft bandages.
Carson Pirie Scott & Co. said the Circuit Court of Cook County, Ill., denied the request of one of its landlords for a preliminary injunction against a proposed reorganization of the company.
As veterans of budget wars know, revenue "shortfalls" and budget "cuts" don't mean that the numbers go down, just that they fall a little short of the (projected) dreams of avarice.
It is more expensive than either landfilling or incineration, although that could change as industries gear up to handle large volumes of recycled material.
One might have thought that the market would be impervious to shocks from the housebuilders by now.
Baptist conservatives had mixed reactions to the organization.
"We taught them to think this way.
In attempting to enter other markets, Ms. Thomas must apply the Chicago formula to cities that lack a central young-singles neighborhood akin to the Lincoln Park area.
Then move into rented accommodation.
Tribune said a "steep decline" in advertising revenue led to lower profit in its media businesses.
The witnesses said corpses were lying on the streets in the Novo Sarajevo and Novi Grad districts. Casualty figures were difficult to confirm but Belgrade television said at least three civilians had been killed and dozens wounded.
Frankfurt stocks also declined but London shares rose.
The 63-member conference agreed unanimously to raise the federal borrowing limit to $2.8 trillion from the current level of $2.32 trillion, an increase of $480 billion.
Those who say Congress used to run with alacrity and efficiency are revisionists; the Founding Fathers didn't intend it that way, and they rarely would have been surprised.
Though Mr. Lawson has said he believes inflation has peaked, he declined to indicate when the government might feel it has slowed enough to allow a relaxation in interest rates.
So has a vocal oppositon, which says there can be no democratization in Panama as long as Gen.
That's not likely to bother the typical F-series buyer, however. Ford said 95 percent are men, with median age of about 45.
HAL said the latest results will be reported in a few weeks.
I wanted my brother officers to know I'm innocent.
He said he looked over the evidence carefully and felt he had no choice.
Based on number of stores, the acquisition ranks as the largest for Blockbuster, which has been growing at a torrid pace in recent years.
When Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze visited Deng in Shanghai last February he received a warm and lengthy handshake, but no hug.
Richard Schroeder, a leading Social Democrat lawmaker, said after talks broke off that his party still hoped to join de Maiziere's government.
After Yanayev's nomination, Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev, one of those mentioned earlier as a possible vice president, said curtly: "Yes, I will support him.
The moves have fueled a rise in UAL stock of about $14 a share this month.
Farley is trying to restructure a $796 million loan obtained from a consortium of banks for the Pepperell buyout.
A much larger number of people - around 275,000 - have mortgage arrears of more than six months.
The panel is considering six allegations against Wright.
APRIL 12 _ Plane crash in South Africa kills 23.
But the creditors, who range from aircraft giants like Airbus Industrie and Boeing to mom-and-pop travel agencies, have grown increasingly frustrated and impatient about getting at least some of their money.
'At least 51 per cent of the equity must be sold for privatisation to be a reality.
The Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent last month despite a 0.7 percent drop in energy costs.
If the broad correlation of forces runs overwhelmingly against Saddam, how can he move with impunity?
The Internal Revenue Service is ahead of last year's pace in processing income tax returns.
Turkish civil defense workers, helped by a 32-member West German rescue team with search dogs, shoveled through the mud and stones that roared down on the mountain village Thursday morning.
Structural steel is mainly used for the construction industry.
"Investigators have found, after extensive testing, that the interior tail cone release mechanism failed to separate the tail cone and deploy the emergency slide," National Transportation Safety Board member John Lauber said.
Also Wednesday, an army report concluded that a 15-year-old female Jewish settler whose death in the occupied lands raised a furor was killed by a bullet from a careless Israeli guard, not by stones thrown by Palestinians.
The credits range from 25% to 40% of the dollar value of the increase.
For example, Libya was the first to break the $30-a-barrel level and others followed.
Samsung Group and Goldstar, also of South Korea, are selling more products under their own names.
The yield spread was 0.01 percentage point wider than late Monday.
Patane apparently suffered a heart attack while conducting a new arrangement of the opera "The Barber of Seville," late Monday, Bavarian Radio said in a statement released to other news media.
In the nation's capital, the high of 87 was the warmest on record for any day in March.
Troubled Columbia Savings & Loan said it has agreed to sell its high-risk junk bonds to a Canadian-led investment group for $3 billion.
More to the point, said an ethnic Turkmen, 'In this country there are not laws.
A woman located through income tax errors has pleaded guilty to escaping from a federal women's prison 10 years ago, but even a prosecutor cites her good behavior since then.
The Soviet delegation is headed by Prime Minister Nikolai Ryzkhov and includes Interior Minister Vadim Bakatin and Justice Minister Veniamin Yakovlev.
The Treasury's 30-year issue climbed nearly 1/4 point.
The indictments from a federal grand jury were issued late last week.
Becor said it completed the planned sale of its Western Gear aerospace unit to Lucas for about $109.3 million.
Gasoline has set new record closing prices every day since Aug. 15, with prices at the pump also on the rise.
"It addresses key areas of importance to both of us," he said, citing operational efficiency, training, job security and compensation.
Both were charged with nine counts of sodomy and rape, according to police spokesman Capt.
Pearson, on the other hand has underperformed the market over the same period.
The better party is one with 100,000 members and (capable of getting) 1 million votes, than a party with 1 million members and only 100,000 votes," he said.
At that time Northrop indicated that the decision by the international chamber would carry more weight.
It said in the fiscal year ended Sept. 30, it guaranteed 196,600 home loans totaling $15.8 billion, compared to 188,000 home loans totaling $14.4 billion in the previous year.
The result is likely to be big cost savings as drugs companies restructure their salesforces, once their biggest cost-centres. The move is being driven by two important changes.
The paper's article cannot be considered a statement backed by the policy-making Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party, he said.
Or why the most simple fact involving the location of the coroner's office eludes everyone on this case for years.
Consumers Union rates more than 50 long-term care policies in the May edition of its magazine, Consumer Reports, and finds some fault with every one of them.
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used, the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals (a role usually filled by a minicomputer), as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange, USX closed at $30.125, down $1.
Now, the first U.S. retrospective of the 50-year-old, German-born artist has just opened at the New Museum of Contemporary Art, in SoHo.
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day.
If convicted, Barrie could get up to a year in jail and a $2,000 fine.
Among those remaining in contention was Lisa M. Edwin of Dwight, Ill., one of the six 10-year-olds who were among the 222 who began the competition on Wednesday.
The affected models are DU7400XS-0, DU7600S-0, DU7800XS-0, DU9000XR-0 and DU9000XR-1, the company said.
Dennis C. Bottorff, president and chief operating officer of Sovran, will be president and chief operating officer of Avantor and become chief executive officer of the new company upon Brown's retirement.
Profit from continuing operations excluding unusual items more than doubled, reflecting improved results in all business groups.
The package envisions establishing more than the single anti-missile site allowed under the 1972 pact, but delays the decision for at least several years and urges the president to try to renegotiate the pact in the meantime.
It was not just his age that set him apart, however.
To them, the old policies seemed to favor animals and whites over blacks.
Japan has many such groups, bound together by cross shareholdings, other financial ties and common business strategies.
Workers were not required to use the regulator, since mining in the section had been completed on Sept. 6, and the four workers who died in the area of high methane concentration were dismantling a longwall mining machine, Smith said.
Plans to sell the stake, valued at 1.8 billion West German marks ($990 million), were postponed earlier this year by the auto maker's announcement in March of an unexpected 473 million mark foreign-exchange loss from fraud.
The official Tass news agency said 47 demonstrators were arrested.
It manages two others.
It is probably running slightly ahead of a similar project on a greenfield site near Daventry.
Terry Herbeck, president, said United Surgical doesn't intend to file for bankruptcy-law protection and the company isn't in financial difficulty.
In contrast another fledgling company, Unipalm, the computer network specialist, has gone to a healthy premium.
Cain and Wymer were sentenced to probation Thursday.
Despite these impressive statistics, CGE appears to have had trouble finding other shareholders to join in the venture to lessen its financial burden.
The Lexington was launched in 1942.
The National Archives released 47 hours of tape-recorded conversations between former President Nixon and his top aides, most of them made in the Oval Office.
The addict slips the needle into his scarred arm and drives down the plunger, or flares a crack-filled pipe and inhales the heated vapor.
For 1987, securities analysts are estimating profit will rise to about $2.75 a share, with some estimates ranging as high as $3 a share.
He gave no details of the current negotiations.
A BankEast spokesman said yesterday that its proposal hasn't been withdrawn.
BUSH HAS SURGED to a wide lead over Dukakis, according to a new poll.
NCR charged that AT&T's offer violates federal regulations.
Herr is German for mister.
Madani began a two-year prison in 1982 for organizing a fundamentalist protest.
One trader said that although the market isn't perceived as "overheating," it still "has been rising rather fast and is likely to have a slight correction."
Each uses ethnic working-class roots to seek support from a constituency composed of police officers, firefighters and other blue-collar residents who are first-generation Americans born of Eastern European parents.
For one thing, it's hard for them to make a more attractive offer than the U.S.'s, that if Mr. Noriega left now, he could return after Panama's elections in May 1989.
Hawaiian Insurance & Guaranty Co. and its four units accounted for $58.5 million in revenue in 1985.
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Samuel R. Pierce says federal housing officials plan to significantly increase the number of people getting vouchers to help pay their rent.
Grumman has said it isn't a target of a continuing grand jury investigation in Brooklyn.
Perhaps a new poster boy should be recruited.
Today it's a megacity of 12 million people and growing.
He met a Vietnamese woman in 1969 to whom he is still married in the United States; he fathered Gloria during a brief liaison.
Kyriakos noted: "I don't care much about Lebanon, like the older generation does.
Michael H., a neighbor with whom Carol D. had an affair, sued in state court in 1982, seeking to have himself declared Victoria's father.
A large part of Kazakhstan would also be included.
The RISC microprocessors are at the heart of a growing number of workstations.
Roth's amendment stems from the death of Lee Mirecki, who died March 2 during Navy rescue swimmer training in Florida.
In judging its monetary policy, the Fed has indicated it is monitoring the value of the dollar, commodity prices and the difference between short- and long-term interest rates in addition to the two broader money supply measures.
Three others are scheduled in the next two weeks.
Liggett & Myers Tobacco's headquarters and manufacturing facilities will remain in Durham, together with its administrative and factory personnel.
That is because many retailers stocked up on these products in preparation for possible sanctions, and also because the U.S. government purposefully selected goods for tariffs that are competitively supplied by non-Japanese producers.
The ceremonies are Sept. 17.
A megabit equals one million bits.
"With Cardinal, if you hold it to maturity, you're going to get 7.25%" each year.
The vice president, who visited several Central American countries in June, also called on Nicaragua, Cuba and the Soviet Union to stop arming leftist guerrillas in El Salvador.
The city's Library Board still must vote on whether to build the new library.
Whatever the case, strategists don't operate in a vacuum. "You get a lot of heat from your brokers when you're bearish and the market goes up," says Mr. Smith at Prudential Securities.
The current squeeze may result from one-off pressures as recession grips mainland Europe and Procter & Gamble makes a splash in detergents in the US.
On Monday, the government employees union publicly declared that it would not attend a government-sponsored rally called for yesterday, and the government had to cancel it.
At the time, Japan got 80 percent of its oil from the United States, and it feared the consequences of a possible American cutoff of supplies.
There was also some interest in utility stocks that have either recently passed or are approaching deadlines for investors to qualify for dividends.
Arnold Staloff, past president of the New York Commodity Exchange, on Tuesday was named president and chief executive officer of Bloom Staloff Corp., a Philadelphia securities trading firm.
Police gave no motive for the slaying of Angela de Guerrero, 32. She was shot four times as she sat in her small sedan outside a supermarket in Bogota's northern suburbs by two gunmen who fled in a white car.
The Pan Am jet, the first U.S.-chartered flight in nearly three weeks, landed Friday afternoon at Raleigh-Durham airport with 123 American citizens, six Canadians and others of unknown nationality.
The site is directly across the river from where the girl's parents, Robert and Paula Sims, live.
Republicans - Frenzel, N; Stangeland, N; Weber, N.
But Mr. Nilson thinks the big players in Visa and MasterCard this decade will be the European banks.
"The idea is to abolish the curbs on a reciprocal basis so travel theoretically is permitted everywhere," an official said.
Since Richard Greenberg's adaptations stick closely to Kafka's texts, the piece preserves much of Kafka's dry, matter-of-fact tone.
Those nationals account for fewer than 600 of the stranded Westerners.
They said their 1985 calculations could not be confirmed because the government then was not disclosing figures.
However, a clause in the 1980 constitution, written by Pinochet's administration, allows him to remain army commander until 1998.
Mr. Lee is expected to try to do this at the ruling party's congress in July by persuading a sufficient number of elderly members of the KMT old guard to retire.
That increased the yield on the government's benchmark 30-year bonds to 8.90% from 8.85%.
Yasunari Kawabata was the previous Japanese prizewinner in 1968.
Sunday's was the sixth election since the return to democracy after the 1967-74 military dictatorship.
The concert-goers outside the Jackson Optimist Sports Arena occasionally hooted and made obscene gestures.
Most are toll-free 800 numbers or 900 numbers, for which callers pay.
To Some Degree Now that he's added a Ph.D.
"These companies correctly believe that they can get away with nearly anything in terms of new-product claims." What's the difference, for example, between Tylenol Cold formula and Tylenol Cold & Flu formula, both made by Johnson & Johnson?
Prosecutor Sara Nieves said officials at the U.S. Interests Section had provided logistical support and "orientation" to the members of Pro-Human Rights Youth, who were convicted on Wednesday.
Cornelia Small, chief economist at Scudder, Stevens & Clark, said it will be difficult to tell much about the state of the ecomony until after Christmas.
Mr. Vander Jagt said he knew of only two companies that would benefit from the minimum tax change.
For Dukakis, the speech marked the culmination of a 16-month campaign for his party's presidential nomination and the formal opening of his challenge to Bush.
Economic deprivations have risen.
Flynn said the president told him he had tried to call the mayor at his home recently and spoke with Flynn's 9-year-old daughter. Flynn said he told Bush he never got the message, and joked that maybe his daughter didn't know who Bush was.
The commercials on television in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia are even more boring than those on U.S. networks.
I am disappointed that Bryn Davies did not express a more rounded view.
The virus, related to the deadly Ebola virus of Africa, has turned up in monkeys from three Philippine importers since fall. The licenses of three of the nation's largest monkey importers have been revoked amid concerns about the virus's spread.
The Supreme Court will take up important cases on corporate taxes, product liability, employee benefits and antitrust.
Floyd's sole three-putt green came after a pulled nine-iron left him 50 rollercoaster feet from the pin on 17, and it cost him his lead.
The National Futures Association received the audited report for 1989 in late March of this year.
Separately, in Oklahoma City, Fleming Cos. said its board authorized the repurchase of as many as two million common shares, about 7.5% of its stock outstanding.
For the week, the index rose about 4.5 points.
The treaty was the first between the countries since a friendship pact in 1944, and France's first bilateral treaty in 27 years.
The premiums paid by banks into their federal deposit-insurance fund will be almost doubled, to $1.50 for every $1,000 of deposits, but the thrifts' premiums will rise to $2.30 next year and could ultimately reach $3.25.
"We're going to pick up _ one way or the other _ all the oil that's out there," Exxon spokesman Don Cornett told reporters one week after the Exxon Valdez ran aground.
Eugene Laff, former Haas chairman, was charged last month with 15 counts of conspiring to mainipulate the prices of the same three stocks to increase their value in a scheme that included Lorin.
Lutz is known for his love of cars, especially driving them fast.
The governor has made sure funds are distributed evenly in rural areas, White said.
West Texas has been under pressure since January.
Earlier this month, Premadasa announced the amnesty as part of a peace plan under which Sinhalese and Tamil militants would receive parliamentary seats and jobs in return for renouncing violence.
Also, banks holding the bonds may be required to mark the bonds to market on a continuous basis.
Because of the injury, Dr. Hammer appeared last Monday with a cane to host a luncheon in Los Angeles for Sen. Albert Gore Jr., Democratic presidential candidate, the spokesman says.
Japanese leaders have said Japan might aid Peru if Fujimori works with the IMF and other multilateral organizations to address its economic problems.
What's wrong with that sort of recession?
During a 90-minute news conference, Ballard described how he his ocean-crawling robot located the Bismarck "sitting upright and proud" two weeks ago.
And recently, Coastal won a $549 million judgment from an Occidental Petroleum Corp. unit in a suit charging that the unit tried to monopolize certain natural gas markets.
The EEC high court said the Common Market states had not followed correct procedures when they enacted the ban, which was passed by a written procedure that required unanimity.
A U.S. team visited the Soviet test facility earlier this month.
Stening said four gunmen kidnapped them near south Lebanon's provincial capital of Sidon as they were driving in a U.N. car from their base in the southern port of Tyre to Beirut on Feb. 5.
Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half.
"I missed one of those turns on the inside," he told me, "and it was like falling down an empty elevator shaft." In "Carmen Sings Monk," there are no casualties.
A military honor guard fired a salute as workers shoveled soil over his red and black coffin.
The staff will produce seven hours of live news, weather and markets coverage every week day, and several half-hour summaries daily.
First-quarter sales declined 3.5% to $1.10 billion from $1.14 billion.
The Japan's central bank does not officially comment on its market activity.
It runs head-on into the deficits plaguing the United States and the economic crisis wrenching the Soviet Union.
Drenchev ruled out a candidacy for himself.
Big Board volume totaled 170.49 million shares, against 167.10 million in the previous session.
Eurodollar bond prices were marked significantly lower, and one of the few major new issues, by Shell Canada Ltd., encountered resistance, surprising many dealers.
So what's wrong with perfection?
Washington University in St. Louis has a 50-50 agreement with an outside venture capitalist who selects research with commercial promise.
"Your great state was the only state with the good sense to be in the Democratic column in 1984, and we're going to make sure that you have lots of company in 1988," she said in her remarks at the delegation's headquarters hotel.
It also nullified other contracts where local authorities had come out on top, leaving the banks a loophole through which to recuperate at least part of their losses.
I read the exerpts of Wayne Angell's exchange with a Gosbank representative ("Put the Soviet Economy on Golden Rails," editorial page, Oct. 5) with great interest, since the gold standard is one of my areas of research.
While the dollar moved in ranges of more than two pfennigs and one yen yesterday, the intraday bands were more digestible than Tuesday's swings of five pfennigs and two yen.
But it is not an option for the world as a whole.
Police said they began their investigation of Zaccaro, now 24, after hearing he was dealing drugs.
'Since then business on all our sites has been transformed.' The workforce at Derby, Crewe and York has been reduced from 8,300 to 4,500 and costs have been pared.
Advocates for Cuban prisoners immediately criticized Nelson's statements.
Consequently, it is indeed a very favorable provision for those who are "lucky" enough to die during the next five years.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy on Tuesday blocked a 15-year-old girl from obtaining an abortion without the consent of her parents or a judge.
